Condolences to the cornerback Re: "The ugly public spectacle of two feuding adults," Saturday Hits and Misses. I feel so sorry for Deion Sanders, who was rendered to a bloody pulp by his Amazon wife, Pilar. Oh, the terror this poor man had to endure from a 110-pound mass of human destruction! Get well soon, Mr. Sanders, from your horrific injuries. I'm rooting for you.Clarence Thomas' words show support for affirmative action Re: "No group is incapable" With all due respect to Truskey, his use of Clarence Thomas in support of his argument against affirmative action should be weighed against Thomas' November 1983 speech to his staff at the federal Equal Employment Opportunities Commission in which he called affirmative action "critical to minorities and women in this society." Thomas also said that without affirmative action laws, "God only knows where I would be today."Hope for victims' families Re: "A time for healing -- Crime Victims Rights Week offers reminder that services are available for those in need," Thursday news story. After reading this article, my heart went out to Mary Frederick on the loss of her son Joseph. It is hard to deal with the loss of a child or loved one under any circumstance, but murder is completely different. You want to strike out with every fiber of strength you possess. My son Wes Bodiford was brutally murdered on April 3, 1987, and the hole in my heart has never healed. But as a victim's family member, you can crawl into a hole or make a difference for the betterment of our world. The Crime Victims Council of Dallas County is providing a wonderful service. Even though I didn't seek help from them, I know they do a tremendous job.Let patrol cops do their job Re: "What is there to hide?" State law allows a police officer to violate traffic laws if it is done in the performance of their duties and in a reasonably safe manner. They can speed to catch violators. Run red lights. Late at night, we drove with our lights off when approaching a business area to catch burglars. Past Dallas police administrations trusted that the officers they hired were professional and safe in performing their duties. It is only in recent years that severe restrictions were placed on speed and emergency driving, which were then compounded by nitpicking over even small violations of policy. Just allow them to do their job. The same person complaining about the officer she saw speeding to a call without his emergency equipment on is the same person who will scream at the officer for taking too long to get to her prowler call. That officer may have knowledge that the suspect as described on the call may be a prior rapist, burglar or robber. Do you really want officers driving 30 mph or sitting at a red light in the middle of the night when reasonable haste, allowed by state law, could possibly catch the suspect?Apple bilking Texans Re: "Global subsidiaries help Apple save billions -- Tech giant reduces bill with offices in low-tax areas, other legal moves," Sunday news story. It disappoints me that tech companies Americans have come to love are using tax loopholes to dodge their responsibility to the American public. The News reports that last year alone Apple saved $2.4 billion in taxes. If this is so, then why is the state of Texas giving Apple tax subsidies to move some of their operations to Texas? Why does the richest company on the face of the planet need any financial help from us Texans? An Apple spokesman said Apple is compliant with tax laws and is doing the ethical thing by reducing their tax burden. Apple enjoys the protections of the American legal system to pursue patent infringements against others as well as other benefits they receive at the federal, state, and local levels -- they too should pay their fair share for those rights and privileges. What is ethical about using complicated mechanisms to shirk your responsibilities?Stanch the economy's bleeding first Re: "Spend taxes full circle"  Love compares cutting government spending to draining blood from a trauma patient who needs a blood transfusion. The flaw in his logic is this missing step: When treating a trauma patient the first step is to stop the bleeding.Do school athletic programs suck too much energy and money from academics? Re: "A game changer for high schools -- Rise of athletics is putting academics at risk" Athletic programs do damage Talented kids are funneled into high school football where they're frequently taught that rules are for other people. These kids are "helped" to pass so they can play the next game, losing any chance for an education. If they're fortunate they get a scholarship to play and study at college, although an enormous number drop out before they finish the four years. Most student athletes don't get this far. The truth is, kids who were taught they were special because they could throw a ball often find out after graduation that their glory days are over. No one cares. They're often ill-equipped to handle life because they never learned how, and people no longer look the other way when they do something questionable. They're frequently throwaways when they graduate because that's the way the system works. How awful to discover you're a has-been at 17 or 18. Athletic programs are costly to the taxpayers and to other students, but what they do to student athletes is far worse.Calling foul on jab at coaches I guess I should be used to educational "experts" dissecting the phenomena of high school athletics and finding that athletics is the cause of academic mediocrity. But the most damning part of Conn's column was the last paragraph about the first name of high school history teachers being "Coach." What a prejudicial attitude. Would I be as guilty if I said a bearded Ohio State teacher is probably some liberal nitpicker with some score to settle? Some of the best history teachers I have known have been coaches. And yes, I spent 22 years of my 33-year career as a coach. I never backed up to the pay window for my paycheck -- I was proud to be a teacher-coach. One of the worst history teachers I ever observed was the head of our department -- a non-coach. I'm sure you wouldn't pick on the band, choir or drama programs that take up a lot of time as well.Texas Discovery Gardens firing is shocking "Horticulture director fired after 5 years -- Executive director lost job earlier as Fair Park site prepares for spring plant sale," Saturday news story. Firing is gardens' loss Without Randy Johnson, one of Mother Earth's major assets, there simply are no Texas Discovery Gardens. There are simply too many beautiful plants to identify -- by anyone other than Randy, that is. He grew them all, totally organically, from seeds. And though he'd disagree, I do believe there isn't anyone else who could have done it. There will be the gaping hole left by Randy's absence, as well as the questionable leadership and financial accountability which will certainly lead to the Discovery Gardens' demise. Trying to compete with the Dallas Arboretum is tough enough, and the new Perot Museum of Nature & Science will most certainly be the last straw.Sudden termination shocking Disbelief is the response I had while reading about the firing of Randy Johnson. Randy has taught me and others so much about soil biology, native plants and using organic materials. He is the reason I and others volunteer and join the Texas Discovery Garden. I've gone to all his programs. And to fire him two weeks before the plant sale? Really. I don't know whose toes he stepped on by telling the truth about inorganic products for sale or disagreeing with other so-called garden experts. I just renewed my membership last month, but I probably won't next year. Maybe everyone should boycott the plant sale to send a message to the head honchos in charge of hiring and firing. They must have sawdust in their heads instead of putting it in the compost pile.Isn't it time for real talk on race? "Tough talk on race is not racist -- Difficult conversation is necessary, even if it gets rough, Harry Stein says" by Tod Robberson, Sunday Points column. Stein not believable on race While I agree wholeheartedly that a conversation about race is long overdue, I am not sure that Harry Stein's voice should lead that conversation. I do not trust Stein's assertion that because he is immune to ethnic jokes aimed at Jews, then the rest of us should just fall in line. I most certainly do not buy his argument that "legal equality" has been achieved; we only have to point to the many men of color recently exonerated by DNA evidence to undermine this argument. The major problem affecting our nation is class, not race; however, Stein dismisses the idea that working class and poor people of all races may be disconnected from the mainstream. Instead, he envisions the problems of class, such as "out-of-wedlock births, attitudes toward education, attitudes generally about presentation and dress," as cultural -- "black" issues. My vote to lead this conversation about race? Writer, cultural critic and MSNBC contributor Touré.Blacks' turn on race progress If we are honest we would have to agree that white people in the U.S. have come a long way on race. I am not saying that there are not white racists, because I believe there are. A friend of mine, who happens to be black, and I can talk frankly about race, politics and just about anything with each other. We do not always agree, but I believe we will always be friends because we both listen. Before race relations will get any better, black people must do their part in not talking negatively about race to youth, teaching them that racism is everywhere. The white families that I am around do not speak negatively about blacks, except that they believe many black leaders promote racism and blame white people as a whole. If we are ever to have better race relations, this is one question that will have to be addressed.It was a crude analogy but Armendariz was a good boss "EPA official rues words on drillers -- He says 'crucify' was wrong term and he's for fair enforcement," The resignation of EPA regional chief Al Armendariz represents a triumph of partisan politics over a man whom I have come to know as honest and reasonable, but who believes in enforcing the law to protect human health and the environment. Armendariz may indeed have used a crude and inappropriate analogy to describe the concept of using enforcement to encourage compliance and a level playing field. But his implementation of that authority was hardly a crucifixion of the oil and gas industry. Having worked at EPA for 25 years, I would rank him as the best regional administrator I have ever worked for. He wanted to know two things: what is the data, and what is the law? Entirely too radical an environmental position for many in Texas, it seems.Let's trust Iran into complying "Odds of war with Iran decreasing, officials say -- Growing divide in Israel, threat of sanctions open door to more diplomacy," This is good news. Let's take this opportunity to ensure that Iran really has, as it always claims, no intention of producing nuclear weapons. The Islamic Republic of Iran bestows ultimate authority in one person, the supreme leader. In the regime's 33-year history, there have been only two supreme leaders: the founder, Ayatollah Khomeini; and the current holder, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Khamenei has stated quite clearly that nuclear weapons are contrary to Islam. Let's assure him that we take him at his word. We will work with Iranian representatives at the forthcoming meeting in Baghdad in May and at any subsequent meetings. Our aim will be to end all sanctions imposed on Iran. We will count on Iran, for its part, to cooperate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency, allowing them to conduct whatever inspections they believe necessary. With an approach like this, it would be difficult for Khamenei to go against the trust placed in him and try secretly to get a nuclear bomb produced. Whether discovered before the weapon is completed or only afterward, the result would be disastrous for him personally -- and for Iran.Even life without parol can't ensure safety "Death penalty outdated" Bell would like to replace the death penalty in our state with life imprisonment without the possibility of release, as the state of Connecticut has done. I would like to remind him of the "Texas Seven" who escaped from a maximum-security prison in 2000 and killed an Irving police officer. If the Bells of the world can assure me, my family and the rest of us that something similar won't happen when a person is sent to life in prison without the possibility of release, I'm all for it. They can't.Warrior 100K Ride is a worthy effort "Bringing it, on bikes -- Led by Bush, wounded warriors prove grit," It was good to see former president George W. Bush leading the wounded on the Warrior 100K Ride. It made me think about the sacrifices our troops make every day to keep us safe to enjoy our freedom. While I didn't always agree with his policies while in office, or the war in Iraq, I commend Bush for his commitment to this effort.Child support twist is ridiculous "Law gives presumed dads right to challenge paternity," Now I have heard everything. The new law that was recently passed to address paternity in child support cases is long overdue, but to still hold a father accountable for "back child support" when he has been found not to be the father is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. That right there defeats one of the two purposes, which is to stop paying support for a child that's not his and wasn't his 5, 10, 15 or 20 years ago. What kind of sense does that make -- paying back child support for some other man's child?Sports encourage achievement "A game changer for high schools -- Rise of athletics is putting academics at risk" I respectfully disagree. I had two boys who played high school football. Both were required to bring a weekly report of their grades for every subject to the coaches. If they were not passing every subject, they were held out of practice and games. This motivated them because they wanted to play. Both boys carried full academic loads in high school. The older boy's senior academic schedule included AP honors calculus, which enabled him to test out of calculus his freshman year in college. He was an Academic All-Big 12 collegiate football player. Both boys are college graduates with GPAs over 3.00. The younger boy probably would not have made it to college had it not been for the academic requirements imposed by his football coaches.We need easy access to antibiotics "Quadruple amputee sues doctors -- Medical City also named; she says delay in antibiotics allowed infection to progress," Saturday news story. I have enormous sympathy for Whitney Mitchell, whose arms and legs were amputated after a severe bacterial infection. Far too often physicians do not prescribe adequate antibiotics. I had a recurring bacterial infection for years. I knew exactly when it was becoming active and what was needed to control it. Twice physicians refused to prescribe any antibiotics because I didn't meet their criteria. Both times I became very ill, needlessly. When antibiotics were prescribed, it was never enough to kill the infection. Finally I bought antibiotics in Mexico and took slightly more of them for a slightly longer time than any physician here had prescribed. I haven't had the infection again. Wellknown antibiotics should be available over the counter in this country. If they were, Whitney Mitchell might still have her limbs.Akers a role model  "We recommend Smith in GOP's state Senate District 9 race," I'm not close friends with Jeran Akers, who's running for House District 67 state representative, but we've been acquaintances since 1989. I am aware of his well-documented lifelong commitment to community service, both in public office and as a volunteer. In fact, I first met him when he was a Boy Scout co-leader/Scoutmaster for the troop that one of my sons belonged to. I am forever thankful for the guidance my son received in scouting, particularly the important tenets he learned that Akers consistently emphasized: honor, hard work, honesty, unselfishness and genuine concern for those less blessed. Outside our family, I could not have asked for a better role model for our son than Jeran Akers. Also, Akers has not enriched himself at the political trough. As an independent businessman, he has managed a successful company while never shirking his civic responsibilities. He's consistently contributed to the overall well-being of our Collin County community. Castaneda fits new 33rd district "We recommend Veasey for the new congressional district," Chrysta Castaneda is the best candidate for the new 33rd Congressional District. The News recommends Veasey simply because "he has been vetted by seven years in Austin." Rick Perry has been in Austin for a long time, too, yet he was decisively rejected as a presidential candidate in this election. Texas' new congressional seat deserves an untainted consensus builder with strong ties to North Texas who is not beholden to years of political favors. The News seems to be limiting its selection criteria to race, geography and time in Austin. The ongoing war on women screams for more strong women in Congress. Castaneda is an impressive and intelligent woman who will do the most good for District 33's majority gender.No 'Not Obama' strategy When you are reviewing TV commercials for the U.S. Senate race, I hope you give as many thumbs down as possible to David Dewhurst and Tom Leppert for their collective message -- which is that they have no plans for the future but to blame President Obama. How could they be right that in a statewide primary, Texans would rather hear criticism of the president than their plans to rescue education, infrastructure and women's health from decades of Republican neglect?Capital punishment makes you feel safe? Doesn't mean you are "Think of victims instead" As Daniel Patrick Moynihan famously said, "Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts." In just 134 words, Don Skaggs manages to bring his own freshly minted facts to the death penalty discussion. He writes, "If you had a loved one raped, murdered and killed, you have to hold The News in contempt for its misplaced sense of justice." This is a doozy of a statement. Does Skaggs mean that newspaper editorials shouldn't be protected as free speech? More important, many families of victims supported the Connecticut repeal of its death penalty. Skaggs also repeats the old chestnut that the death penalty deters murders. The News' source editorial pointed out that the nonpartisan National Research Council has determined there is not enough information to either support or confirm this contention. Other studies over the years have echoed this conclusion. Kudos to Connecticut for abolishing the barbaric practice of capital punishment. More states are lined up bumper to bumper to do the same. Texas may be dead last in this long march, but it will happen. That's a fact.North Carolina pastor inspires aversion I realize that there are many religious people who wring their hands worrying about what the world is coming to these days, but I have to ask what religion is coming to. On Sunday the pastor of Berean Baptist Church in North Carolina used his pulpit to condone child abuse to "prevent" a boy from becoming gay -- as if this is even scientifically possible, but that's a letter for another day. "Dads, the second you see your son dropping that limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist," pastor Sean Harris said. "Man up. Give him a good punch." This from a Christian. I do realize it's been a few years since I cracked open a Bible, but perhaps someone out there can point me in the direction of Jesus' teachings on this subject.Immigrants make the best citizens  "From immigrant to citizen to voter -- Bids for naturalization jump as organizations try to rally foreign-born residents," Wednesday news story. I want to welcome all of the newest American citizens. Ours has historically been a nation of immigrants since the earliest days. The pilgrims on the Mayflower and the Puritans on the Arbella were immigrants. My own ancestors, German and Irish, left their countries and assimilated into America, leaving their German and Gaelic languages behind and learning English. What most intrigues me, however, is the civics test all new citizens must pass. It would be fun (or sad) to see just how many native-born Americans could pass this test. I would venture that many could not. Maybe they should lose their citizenship for being ill-informed citizens.No death, even bin Laden's, is a laughing matter After viewing the editorial page cartoon on Tuesday celebrating the one-year anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death, I wondered what point, opinion or attitude your editorial staff was attempting to convey. I applaud the brave actions of the Navy Seal team that attacked and killed the leader of a large terrorist organization. I believe that it is appropriate to recognize, even reward, their brave actions. But I certainly do not applaud The News for publishing a celebratory cartoon of anyone's death. I find your decision somewhat disturbing.Big D needs more horn Atlanta has them. Boston has them. Chicago has them. But Dallas highways rarely emit a squawk. Recently I watched an SUV on Central Expressway drift slowly into the side of a van. The van driver engaged in evasive maneuvers but failed to honk his horn. The result? An avoidable crash, followed by snarled traffic and a higher deductible Of all the places I've lived, Dallas drivers use their horns the least. Why? Perhaps Dallasites have an oversized sense of Southern decorum. Or maybe Dallas drivers want to avoid making a fuss. Possibly they just want to turn the other cheek. But with road safety in view, these reasons fall flat. A horn comprises part of a vehicle's complement of signals. It is intended for use as an emergency communication device to warn other drivers of imminent danger. Whatever the excuse for not using our horns, the solution seems simple. Let's return to the ABCs of road safety and use our car horns, Big D.Readers offer solutions for, criticism over Arboretum/Winfrey Point parking flap "Neighbors file suit to block parking lots," Parking fix is broken To call the Dallas Arboretum a public park is a lie under the most liberal definition. Yet whenever it serves the city of Dallas, that's how it's referred to. It has a CEO and charges $15 for adults, $9 for children and $10 for parking. Nell Degolyer would roll over in her grave to see her beloved estate used in this way. White Rock Lake Park was considered one of the premier inner city parks in the United States when it was completed in December 1929. And now our short-sighted city fathers want to turn arguably the best place in the park, the native blackland prairie at Winfrey Point, into a parking lot for those who can afford to go to the Arboretum but would never consider taking public transportation. City councilman Dwaine Caraway put it in this succinct and self-serving way: "The Arboretum's going to get whatever parking it needs, wherever it needs it. ... We'll have the parking, I don't care what we have to do." But it will be done on our backs, the average working family who can't afford $58 to take their two kids to the Arboretum.DART is Arboretum's solution Maybe the Dallas Arboretum should try DART instead of more parking lots. DART could improve its bus stops and have a dedicated walkway into the property. This works for businesses and colleges, so visitors could use the safer DART parking facilities, which are paved and policed. This would also keep White Rock Lake Park safer for bicycles and pedestrians with less automobile traffic.Ruin one treasure for another? If the Arboretum is the Disneyland of Dallas, then White Rock Lake is our Central Park. Please stop and look at alternatives before we repeat the mistakes we made with the Nasher sculpture garden and the reflective, pension-backed Tower. It is much cheaper to prevent problems than to correct them. Do we really have to destroy one Dallas treasure to advance another? The council needs to consider the quality of life that Dallas offers in addition to how much money a venture can generate. Fort Worth, Austin, San Antonio and Houston have found ways to do both. I am sure Dallas can also.Glorifying a racist chapter? "2 men cleared in '83 rape -- Judge, DA apologize for long time served,"  Every month someone is cleared of a crime that they did not commit. These two guys had alibis and because of how the courts were run and how the juries were picked, they have lost some of the most important years of their lives. If former District Attorney Henry Wade was so unfair, did not allow blacks on juries and did not see to it that the DA evidence was correct, then why is there a building named after him?3 To Amigos Days volunteers -- The article "That's refreshing! Volunteers give homes a makeover -- Nonprofit provides free repairs to a dozen low-income families" on April 29 certainly highlights good works by volunteers. I would like also to see credit given to another group of volunteers which recently spent two weekends doing the same thing in the Fair Park and other areas of Dallas. The North Texas Conference of the United Methodist Church sponsors Amigos Days each April along with People Helping People. Multiple church members work with members from other UMC churches to repair, paint and replace. We feel very fortunate to have the opportunity to serve the community in this manner.Readers defend, vilify fundraising methods of UT Southwestern's Kern Wildenthal "Spending broke rules -- Shy academic built himself into a fundraising powerhouse," April 29 news story; and "Mixing Business, Pleasure -- Despite his successes, Wildenthal put UTSW at risk," Think of it like football I was very disappointed that The News chose to attack Dr. Kern Wildenthal, who more than any other person over a period of 22 years has built a mediocre medical school into a facility that numbers in the top few in the whole country. He has raised nearly $2 billion to build an institution that attracts top researchers. UT Southwestern has more Nobel laureate professors than any other medical school. Let me make a comparison everyone understands. A university will find and hire the best football coach in order to have a winning team that fills the stadium and produces millions of dollars for the whole university. It works the same way to build an outstanding medical school. So, do you want someone who excels at raising money for the medical center, or do you want someone who excels at filling out government and expense forms?Big money takes big vision Who cares if he spends $200,000 on wine or opera that only the ultrawealthy appreciate, when the net benefit to the institution is a couple of billion dollars that only the ultrawealthy can give? This is a giant forest well seen by a visionary leader, and the News' reporting effort was a mission of looking at the seedlings on the floor of a few acres. The readership should ponder the question: Who is likely to have a more net harmful effect on the institution UT Southwestern: Wildenthal, future presidents who anally track expenses or two investigative reporters with secondary gain in search of a Pulitzer for investigative reporting?Taxpayers should be angry Wildenthal certainly must have a "meeting" scheduled with the IRS. But I don't think that the IRS provides expensive wine or opera music in the background at these meetings, so I don't think that he will be a happy attendee. It has become appalling to me that so many people who have positions of authority on the federal, state and local levels can't be trusted anymore. Apparently there's too much green to be passed around without any oversight these days. I look forward to seeing a special police escort taking Wildenthal on the very scenic route on I-45 from Dallas to Huntsville soon. After all, some of this money belonged to the taxpayers.State workers should worry As a former state deputy comptroller (chief of staff to Lt. governor Bob Bullock), I am very concerned that the UT system went over the head of the state auditor to force a state official to resign based on a private audit that it paid for. The state of Texas should interpret its own rules and procedures. Wildenthal represented and promoted UT Southwestern every waking minute. It was a joke in Austin that he was so persistent. But what is his reward? Every state employee should be concerned about this. When a government group or individual wants to get rid of you, they can now call in a private auditor that they paid to get the report they want, the state of Texas be damned. If this can be done to him it can be done to any state official or employee in Texas. This is a dangerous precedent that the UT system will live to regret.Wildenthal is a good man I served as the executive director of the American Heart Association in Dallas in the mid-'70s to early '80s and had the opportunity to work with Wildenthal. After leaving the AHA, I stayed in the medical field until retiring a few years ago. I would want your readers to know that this is a good man who has volunteered his time, efforts and money for the health and well being of our community, well above and beyond his work at UT Southwestern. I believe his accomplishments for the school and his communities are well-documented. Additionally, I think his efforts will have benefits for years to come. I would like to thank him.Of course they do I hardly see what all the fuss is about. Don't all college campuses have at least two wine cellars and several hundred thousand dollars of wine in inventory at all times? Just appalling.He's bettered many lives I don't get it. Really? Five full pages of the Sunday Dallas Morning News dedicated to destroying the legacy of one of the greatest citizens in Dallas? About expense accounts? How many lives have been saved or bettered by his efforts? You ignore the fact that Wildenthal's efforts and results brought forth nine facilities, including two hospitals for the UT Medical Branch campus and added thousands of jobs to the Dallas workforce -- much more than our recent past mayors even dreamed of doing. Wildenthal has been one of the most productive citizens in Dallas history. If he took a little time for himself, God bless him. Overemphasizing his negatives is one of the low points in The News' history.UTSW turned a blind eye As a UT Southwestern alum, I am disappointed to learn of the institution's blind eye and enabling of Wildenthal's extravagant lifestyle. Nevertheless, The News should be commended for bringing this issue to light and for its thorough and fair investigative reporting. Your journalistic efforts on behalf of the public interest will hopefully restore the kind of ethical and fiscally responsible leadership at UT Southwestern that its faculty, staff students and patients deserve.It takes more than burgers I feel that you have done Wildenthal a great disservice by your recent articles on his travel and entertainment expenses. He could hardly have raised $2 billion by entertaining potential donors at a fast food restaurant. He says he will repay for any excess expenses. So let it be, and give this gentleman credit for a lifetime of great accomplishments.And Obama's expenses? The News seems to be reveling in bashing Wildenthal's use of donated funds to pay for his wife to accompany him on one trip, even though he has brought in over $2 billion to develop and expand UT Southwestern. Shakespeare's Mark Antony had this to say: "The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interred with their bones." When can I expect front page coverage of Michelle Obama's travel expenses and the entourages that accompany her and her 13-year-old daughter's spring vacation in Mexico?Go where the donors are Why is it such a shock that Wildenthal would be deducting tickets to the opera? Auditors see this regularly. A major part of his job is to convince wealthy people that their money should trickle down. He has to meet them on their terms. They certainly won't open the floodgates without the proper encouragement. They don't know what goes on at Parkland except for what they hear at intermission at the opera. It has been shown that more money is raised for nonprofit institutions by spending for a big party than simply soliciting the donations. I wonder why.Did the Arboretum think silence would work? Like we weren't going to notice  "Neighbors file suit to block parking lots," When I heard children's garden at the Dallas Arboretum I imagined delightful flowerbeds with whimsical statues, not a theme park with a two-story parking garage and a tram to connect the two. Guess they didn't want us to know about the garage and the trams, because it took the Freedom of Information Act to pry it out of them. Did they think they could build it without anyone noticing? Even the most cultivated gardens overflow their boundaries from time to time and you have to get out the weed wacker to put them back in their place. Grab the pitchforks, rev up the riding mowers. It's time to charge forward to save Winfrey Point. What was once a lovely garden is threatening to sprout some serious weeds.Wildflowers are prettier It seems strange that the Dallas Arboretum would favor destroying one of the last remaining tracts of prairie land in Dallas. Maybe the native wildflowers on the prairie land are in direct competition with the arboretum's man-made exhibits?Readers offer solutions for, criticism over Arboretum/Winfrey Point parking flap In legal docs filed in advance of this morning's hearing, Arboretum says Winfrey Point parking 'proper and valid' Does Obama deserve credit for bin Laden's death? Obama bragging much? "Obama hails troops, signs Afghan pact -- Deal outlines U.S. support role once combat forces leave at end of 2014," I remember President Obama's reasoning for not showing pictures of a dead bin Laden was that he didn't want to disrespect Muslims. Now Obama's simply rubbing their nose in it by politicizing the killing in his re-election campaign. Obama makes it sound like he actually pulled the trigger.This sounds familiar To hear Mitt Romney and the GOP complain about President Obama's showboating over Osama bin Laden's departure from the living, you'd think he landed on an aircraft carrier wearing a flight suit and standing in front of a "Mission Accomplished" banner.Oh wait, that's been done before. Feeding bottomless pit In 2010, our country handed out 4.6 billion American tax dollars to Karzai that has never been accounted for. Now the president wants to make it headline news that the United States is giving even more financial support for years to come to this bottomless pit? How can the American people take this president seriously on matters of health care when he gives badly needed U.S. dollars away? Our country is in the middle of the worst financial depression in modern history, with rampant unemployment and hundreds of thousands homeless, and he wants to brag about giving our nation's money away to losing causes. Doing this in an election year, I can only conclude that President Obama thinks American voters are all brain dead.GOP's narrative is wrong  "Obama's bin Laden ad an insolent display -- Romney should be prepared for more of this" Davis and other right-wing spokesmen are as nervous as a cat in a room full of rockers about President Obama's clear superiority over Mitt Romney in foreign policy. Republicans have promoted the false narrative for years that Democrats are weak on national defense and foreign policy, and when the tables are turned on them, they resort to the Rove-ian strategy of attacking their opponent's strengths, just as they did in 2004 against John Kerry. Kerry was a decorated war hero and George W. Bush was a draft dodger who had escaped Vietnam service by joining the Air National Guard. So Rove devised a plan to attack Kerry's patriotism with a campaign of lies suggesting that he didn't deserve his medals for courage and valor. In the same manner, they are attacking President Obama's clear foreign policy triumph of killing Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of 9/11, and calling it "insolent" that he dares to question what Mitt Romney would have done. Such criticism of Romney is valid and fair game, after he previously criticized then-senator Obama during the 2008 campaign for vowing to go into Pakistan to get bin Laden. "Fair's fair," as the old adage goes.Record deserves credit This criticism of Obama's ad is one more attempt, in a long line of attempts, to deny or diminish credit to this president where credit is due. Davis is "insolent," to use his words. He also feigns ignorance that sitting presidents do, in fact, campaign. Thanks to this president, General Motors is alive. Osama bin Laden is dead. Romney said that he would not have supported bailing out General Motors, and he said it was naive and ill-advised to announce an intention to go to Pakistan to get bin Laden and that it wasn't worth it to do so.Magnet schools should be open to qualified students, not all students  "Magnets should be open to all" As a parent of two children, six years apart in age, who have benefited from DISD magnet schools, I take issue with Maher's claim of elitism. Just as there are provisions for students who may require special education programs, so too are there several types of magnet schools for those with specialized interests, including law, business and social services, and health as well as the talented and gifted program. All of these are open to any DISD students who wishes to apply, provided they meet rigorous admission standards. As to what this says to those "not allowed to partake" -- simply that not everyone will meet the high standards demanded to succeed in these programs. Were entrance standards lowered, unprepared students would ultimately find themselves overwhelmed and unable to keep up with the workload and high expectations set forth by these schools. Those accepted are required to maintain those standards or risk losing their place to another applicant. Instead of resenting the opportunities these specialized schools present, we should support them and celebrate the exceptional young men and women they send out into the world.No one, small or large, is entitled to violence  "Condolences to the cornerback"  I am disturbed by the letter written by Fitzgibbons regarding Deion Sanders' unfortunate personal situation. I have no knowledge whatsoever of the details of the Sanders family situation. Rather I am disturbed by the implication that because Deion Sanders is more physically imposing than his "110-pound mass of human destruction" wife, then his claims of assault bear no weight. I am 6-feet 2-inches tall and it is a rare man who would assault me. But I know from personal experience that an assault can come from anyone of any size or gender. Fitzgibbons, you have no idea what happened in this situation and you should reserve judgment until you or the authorities have complete facts. In fact, it is possible that Deion Sanders may have been abiding by his marriage vow to honor his wife. It is never acceptable for any person to assault someone simply because they can. The implication from Fitzgibbons' letter is that Darwin's theory trumps all.Designer direction a bad fit  "J.C. Penney cutting employees in stores as part of streamlining -- Company says 'difficult decisions' are necessary to foster growth," Thursday Business story. I was a devoted J.C. Penney customer many years ago. It had wonderful sports clothes and other merchandise. Then management decided to go fancy and sell "designer" fashions. It might sound snobbish, but who wants to buy a designer brand from Penneys? I would think the designer was hard up for money to lend his name and merchandise to Penneys. At any rate, the store went downhill from there, and best I can tell, it never really recovered. Customers lost can never be regained. I think there is a lesson here: Don't mess with a really good thing.J.C. Penney too cool? "Schooling listeners on cool -- Penney CEO tells of pursuing innovations at Target, Apple stores," Ron Johnson, who made $53 million his first two months as CEO of J.C. Penney, failed to mention to the SMU Cox School of Business as he was lecturing them Monday that big layoffs in the stores were also happening that same day. This came after the massive cut of 600 corporate employees last month. How cool was that? My mother had worked as a supervisor for J.C. Penney for 15 years with a pension plan. She reached past age 50 and was shown the door. She said she was told she didn't fit into Johnson's "new innovations" for the future of J.C. Penney. The buzz words he used from the article like "innovation," "imagination" and "instincts" don't replace the hard work, kindness and dedication my mother practiced for the company for many years. Seems like J.C. Penney's new advertised "Fair and Square" policy is really unfair and lopsided, lining the pockets of Johnson. I don't think that is how James Cash Penney, who founded the store in1902 based on the Golden Rule, would want his employees to be treated.That was a tactless use of 'pot calling kettle' idiom  "Price, Dickey clash over IT policy, pot-kettle analogy," Wednesday news story. I was totally offended to hear Commissioner Maurine Dickey take a traditional idiom and turn it into a prejudicial, racist statement: "As long as we have the pot calling the kettle African-American ..." Pots and kettles come in colors, not ethnicities. In a pathetic effort to defend her choice of words, she stated that one of her colleagues didn't like it when they used the word "black." It's not the word that's offensive but the context in which it is used. When the word "black" has a derogatory connotation, it is definitely offensive. Her reframing of this original idiom was much more offensive and seemed to be very deliberate. In my opinion, Dickey's words definitely wreak of racism. She might benefit from intense diversity training, but she must first realize and accept that it's needed.The DEA's neglect is unbelievable  "Man forgotten in cell gets DEA apology -- His lawyers seek $20M after he spent 4 days with no food or water," When the story first broke about Daniel Chong, a 24-year-old engineering student at the University of California, San Diego, my first reaction was, "This couldn't be." Chong was detained on April 21 when agents raided the home of a drug dealer. And yes, 18,000 ecstasy pills, along with other drugs and guns, were found. And yes, Chong was there. But Chong was forgotten and left in a cell for five days until a DEA agent noticed a strange noise coming from the cell. He spent three days in intensive care, with his kidneys close to failing. Frankly I have no sympathy for anyone that is caught with guns and 18,000 pills, but my question is this: How could anyone be forgotten for five days? Is this the first time or is the only time it was reported? According to DEA there were only five cells at the facility. Are five cells to many to keep an eye on? Arlington and all of North Texas, take heed of this summer's forecast   "Hot, dry -- but could be worse -- D-FW likely to avoid drought crisis facing other parts of Texas," I do hope the citizens of Arlington who attended the recent debate on watering restrictions will read this and feel ashamed of the outbursts and selfishness they displayed recently. We must all work together in safeguarding and conserving water, not just a few of us. All counties in North Texas should have watering limitations.Hope we don't find money for Trinity toll road "Rawlings gets behind Trinity toll road -- Mayor: It's the 'right thing' for city's growth, prosperity," Thursday news story. The News' front page story would have been complete if the accompanying picture of the Trinity River during a recent flood had an arrow pointing to the water with the caption "Trinity Tollway goes here!" This is a bad idea, and our only hope is that the money to build the tollway will never be found.We recognize other important American dates. Why not Obama's takedown of bin Laden? "Obama's bin Laden ad an insolent display -- Romney should be prepared for more of this" We remember the assassination of presidents Lincoln and Kennedy annually. After the 9/11 disaster the anniversary was and is celebrated annually. In fact, the 9/11 attack has been brought to the attention of the public on numerous occasions other than on its anniversary. Then when the Bush administration planned the attack on Iraq, our troops were to be met with flowers and those of us who did not applaud the war had our patriotism questioned. President Bush donned a flight suit, landed on a carrier and proclaimed "Mission Accomplished." Which it was not. The political attacks on the Obama administration for celebrating the anniversary of the death of bin Laden are pathetic. It was a brilliant, dangerous campaign. A failure like Jimmy Carter's would have been the end of the Obama presidency.Death penalty only offers feeling of safety  "Life can't ensure safety" Beasley wants to be assured that no one who's given life without parole will ever escape and kill someone. This has happened only once, in my memory. What I see as far more likely is that, in light of the 30-plus exonerations in Dallas County alone, we will and probably have put to death an innocent person. I guess that is OK as long as Beasley feels safe.Mexico tortures? Then so does the U.S. "Mom of arrested trucker says he's innocent -- She says he took wrong turn near border with load of ammunition," I was dismayed to read in The Dallas Morning News an article about an American truck driver jailed in Mexico for crossing the border with hundreds of thousands of rounds of live ammunition. Reporter Alfredo Corchado states that the driver was being held in jail in Mexico, where torture "is a common practice." That's a bold statement. I would like to see some proof of that, or at least the acknowledgment by writers that making such bold anti-Mexico statements do require some clarification or facts to back them up, not just the continual onslaught of Mexico-bashing we are being fed these days. In the same day's News I read two articles on page 10A, one recounting the treatment of American prisoners by the CIA including waterboarding and psychological torture, and the other recounting the tale of a college student in San Diego left handcuffed in a holding cell by the DEA for five days. Shamefully it seems Mexico is not the only place that "torture is common." Please stop the bashing or at least try to put some journalistic context to it.Three cheers to Arboretum employees, our Brad Townsend, Amigos Days volunteers 1 To Dallas Arboretum employees -- For making this showcase beautiful year round. "Chihuly at the Dallas Arboretum" will prove to be one of the most beautiful and exciting exhibits they've ever done. It looks gorgeous. 2 To writer Brad Townsend and The News -- For printing a positive article about a pro athlete on the front page ("'I do it all' -- Mavs' versatile defender making the most of his Dallas days and nights," April 28).Arboretum parking lot a step backward  "Pact allows mowing, temporary lots -- Opponents lose first round on arboretum parking,"  The place where the Arboretum wants to park cars was once a point of pride for Dallas. In 2005, the parks department received the Texas Parks and Wildlife Lone Star Land Steward award honoring White Rock Lake Park as "a model for urban outdoor recreation and conservation." A sign touting that designation stands at the edge of the wildflower-strewn meadow slated to become a parking lot. The stewardship plan that helped secure the award recommended mowing no sooner than late June or early July when native plants have set seed, and ground-nesting birds have moved on -- early May is the worst possible time to mow. Parking cars was not mentioned. On Friday, I counted 29 species of native wildflowers still blooming and 13 species of birds hunting insects on the ground or in the air over the site. A killdeer sat on a nest with two eggs in it. I saw and heard young birds of several species in adjacent trees, and watched adults bring them insects from the meadow. Hosting Chihuly's exhibit is a step forward for Dallas and the Arboretum. Why step backward and make a parking lot out of a functioning natural community?At least Trinity River toll road will relieve traffic  "Rawlings gets behind Trinity toll road -- Mayor: It's the 'right thing' for city's growth, prosperity," Dallas has both the space and the opportunity to create a vast, beautiful and vital central park system from an available resource, the Trinity River watershed. At least, that was the vision city leaders and their supporters led the taxpayers to believe. We now know that was just a pie-in-the-sky dream for the big drainage ditch west of the central district. That section of the Trinity River bottom is set to contain a highway thoroughfare with a greenbelt, which may or may not be developed later for some recreational purposes. We would never miss an opportunity to build a road, or widen or lengthen an existing highway. We are good at that. The High Five, the I-35/I-30 interchange and the North Tollway/Highway 121 interchange are amazing engineering marvels. The Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge is our latest roadway with grand style. But don't be sad, Dallas. Someday that travel headache called the mix master will be improved with this toll road inside the levee. You won't remember the magnificent park that almost was, but you will say with some gratitude it's not such a pain to drive through Dallas anymore.Is Planned Parenthood's lawsuit about rights or money? "Planned Parenthood case gets new twist -- Federal appeals judge's stay effectively allows state to exclude clinics from program," Planned Parenthood claims its lawsuit for taxpayer funds is premised on free speech and freedom of association. But this isn't about the Constitution. It's about cash, specifically the cash cow that is big abortion. If Planned Parenthood was so concerned about women's health, why not forgo killing over 300,000 children per year at an average cost of $450 per abortion? Instead, Planned Parenthood relies on the corporate fiction supposedly dividing its abortion centers from its "health" centers, which in reality, often share the same roof, employees and customers. Let's not be fooled. Planned Parenthood's fighting for its bottom line, not the Bill of Rights.Don't forget race factor in wrong convictions "32 and counting -- Latest exonerations point up urgency of reform,"  I cannot think of anything more unjust than being convicted of a crime you did not commit, especially a heinous one like rape. But truthfully, what chances did these two black men really have with an all-white jury back in the day?Don't forget to credit others behind bin Laden's death  Obama hails troops, signs Afghan pact -- Deal outlines U.S. support role once combat forces leave at end of 2014,"  Credit intelligence gatherers Obama's claim of 'credit' for the killing of bin Laden ignores years of military intelligence gathering, which began during the Bush administration. The results finally pinpointed bin Laden's location, helping the strike team accomplish targeted military action. Much of the critical intelligence gathering has been criticized by Obama supporters, who have accused those conducting the interrogation of using "torture." They have threatened to prosecute members of intelligence community for use of those approved methods that yielded information to save American lives. The dedicated men and women who are risking their lives to obtain such intelligence should be receiving the grateful thanks of our nation instead.National debt a bigger threat The decision to capture Osama bin Laden was something about which President Obama had no choice when viewed in terms of political survivability for himself or his party. Once the general public was made aware of the fact that the U.S. had the intelligence to know where Osama was located, primarily as a result of the enhanced interrogation techniques on the part of the Bush administration, the failure to put an end to that despot would have made toast of Obama and the Democratic party in the 2012 presidential election. But now the national debt and the annual budget deficits now constitute a greater threat to our nation than Osama bin Laden ever did because of the subtlety of their existence.Child support or state support?  "Child support twist is ridiculous"  Texas must really be hurting for money. Thomas' letter addresses the ridiculousness of holding non-biological fathers accountable for child support. I'd like to also add the ridiculousness of the state holding onto money that's meant for a child. Years ago, my ex-husband was going back to school and got behind on child support. We went without it because being understanding now meant he would emerge down the line with better pay and more flexibility. Back then, the state took his tax return and immediately gave it to us. He recently got in a motorcycle accident and again got behind on child support. The state again garnished his return -- in February. The difference is that we have yet to see the money. The attorney general's office said that they have the right to hold the child support money for six months. Six months of interest from holding thousands of tax returns, added to charging non-parents back child support, shows the state has found a way to make money. Meanwhile, we continue waiting to see any of it.Readers weigh in on teen banned from Denton Regional Medical "By banning compassionate teen, hospital misses teachable moment" Can't expect government to flex when we want Isn't it ironic that Blow, who is always to the left of where I stand on issues, suddenly is saying that Denton Regional Medical Center should excuse the young lady's violation of HIPAA. Funny, when the same intrusive government which we conservatives rail against crosses some imaginary liberal line -- ah, yes, then we need to be more understanding and flexible. That is what happens when we allow our government to rule every inch of our lives. That is what happens when rules that don't make sense must be enforced because the only outcome for Denton Regional would be some pro-bono lawyer demanding a few million dollars for the patient's invasion of privacy.No wonder qualified, compassionate nurses are fed up Blow's column telling of the compassionate teen, Haven Hendrick, who got banned from Denton Regional Medical Center because she inadvertently violated a privacy policy by attempting to help a homeless patient, did end up being a teaching moment after all. It taught the rest of us -- and maybe some young people, like Haven, desiring to be nurses -- how much common sense the medical profession lacks among those in charge of it. Very likely it's a significant reason many qualified nurses are increasingly fed up and quitting hospital employment in droves rather than being bullied by staff superiors in an already stressful environment. Fortunately, Haven received a warning in time to rethink her desire to be a pediatric nurse and instead choose a profession where her compassion would bring appreciation, not censure. It certainly wouldn't be at Denton Regional.Have Arboretum officials lost their minds? Parking is overtaking wild places  "Not just prairie at stake in fight" Have Arboretum officials lost their minds? Are they so motivated by money and the people who have it that they are willing to pave over a natural treasure to satisfy the few who are too good to ride in bus, train or taxi? Let the Arboretum purchase more land or build a three-story garage where they now park cars in a single layer. As a writer, artist and self-taught naturalist, I have spent almost 30 years writing about the Blackland Prairie, about the "wild" places in Dallas and other parts of Texas. One by one, those urban wilderness areas are succumbing to the wishes for more parking spaces for people who don't respect an urban treasure like White Rock Lake and its surroundings. To those of us who love a taste of wilderness in our city, the inspiration of tall grasses and wildflowers, the lovely sight of morning sunlight dancing on water rippled by a light breeze, White Rock Lake is a modern Walden to be cared for -- not paved over to satisfy those who prefer the Arboretum's tightly designed, claustrophobic and formal gardens.Over the counter antibiotics? A resistance waiting to happen  "Need easy access to antibiotics"  Willis asks for over-the-counter antibiotics in this country. If this happened, the U.S. would have even more antibiotic-resistant bacteria than exist now. As a medical rep, I sold three classes of antibiotics. Overuse of these medicines has caused resistant strep and other bugs. That is why pediatricians are warned by the CDC to limit antibiotics to those patients with known infections or who do not respond to waiting or to antiviral meds. The FDA is urging farmers and veterinarians to limit antibiotic use in cattle and livestock, also to prevent further resistance from developing. Also, antibiotics should never have OTC status so that future patients will have drugs to treat severe infections.Politicians must pair sincerity with their managerial skills and leadership  "The trouble with sincerity -- Abilities to lead, compromise are more important traits to have in politicians" Magill asks, "Is sincerity in our politicians always the best barometer of their worth as leaders?" He answers, no. But that is the wrong answer. He says sincerity does not replace leadership, managerial skills or knowledge. That's true, but those skills without the underpinning of sincerity lead to deception and leadership failure. Sincerity, meaning genuineness, free from deceit or pretense, Magill says, is an admirable trait among friends but a potential liability in the public arena of politics. He points out that the ability to compromise may not be served by sincerity. However, compromise that is not informed by sincerity amounts to appeasement. Magill quotes Machiavelli, saying those accomplishing great things pay little attention to keeping faith. However, to be Machiavellian is to be cunning, scheming and unscrupulous -- hardly qualities for the public to tolerate. Certainly, Magill is correct to warn against naïve sincerity. As a personal value sincerity is as important to evaluating politicians as it is to our friendships. Politicians' insincerity quickly leads to failure as the public realizes we are being fooled.Church and government failure is human, not institutional  "5 priests barred for conduct -- 'When a child is harmed, the church has failed,' archbishop says," Archbishop Charles Chaput said "When a child is harmed, the church has failed. When trust is lost the church has failed. When the whole community has suffered the church has failed." I have to disagree. The failure is in the humans that committed the acts, not the church itself. The same applies to our government. Our problems have been created by the actions of the politicians in office, in this case Democrats and Republicans, not by a defective system of government. The church is now cleaning house, as its administrators have finally realized that the offenders are not capable of change. I wonder how long it will take the citizens of the United States to realize that the same applies to government. Our current legislators have shown no ability to fix our economy or provide affordable access to health care for our hardworking lower-income citizens. Dan Micciche backs parental and community involvement I know our schools will never be great unless they have good parent and community involvement to support teachers, principals and students. Unfortunately, DISD has had school board representatives who do not recognize this. Like my wife and I, school board candidate Dan Micciche has spent considerable time working as a volunteer in DISD schools. And like Micciche, we realize promoting community involvement is more important than blindly throwing money at schools. The courts are for us, not terrorists  "9/11 suspects defiant in war court hearing -- Arraignment slowed as all 5 refuse to answer questions or enter pleas," Sunday news story. The people who instigated the horrors of 9/11 are generals of an army intent on the destruction of democracy and Christianity. They are not citizens of the United States. By trying them in a criminal court meant for citizens, we are condoning their actions. No enemies have been allowed to be tried in these courts in the past. This is a military matter, clear and simple. No one committing an act of terrorism against our country deserves the benefit of a criminal court. A military tribunal should judge them and execute them as soon as all intelligence is gathered from them. Think about this. In this war, you and your kin are the ones who will be put to death. American citizens attacked by a suicide army is not a normal criminal action. We cannot treat these folks as normal criminals.New educational study findings are key for DISD "1 thing to watch -- Mayor joins panel discussion on education," Mayor Mike Rawlings and Commit! education program executive director Todd Williams are very accurate in saying that apathy and lack of involvement by the public are the greatest problems our schools face. There is research published across the U.S. that is reaching the same conclusions and is apparently being ignored in Dallas. Some conclusions can be validly celebrated by DISD, such as those from University of Michigan and University of Texas studies that show students are leaving charter schools in greater numbers than they are leaving public schools. Also, Association for Middle Level Education has studied the damage done by having separate middle schools. Now one DISD elementary school, because of a parental group who has been paying attention to such research, is approved to begin the transition to being a kindergarten through 8th grade school. This should eliminate the achievement drops that have been well documented when a forced transfer happens. Failure to study such research is the side of apathy that is doing the most damage in DISD.Spills brought to light  "Reversing Seaway Pipeline's flow is good policy -- Canadian crude reaching gulf refineries will boost oil security" I read with interest Wuori's opinion that his company will safely operate the 36-year-old pipeline that crosses tributaries to Lake Lavon. I read on the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration site, which he suggested, that Enbridge owns the pipeline that ruptured in July 2010 in Marshall, Mich., dumping over 800,000 gallons of crude oil into Talmedge Creek, which carried it into the nearby Kalamazoo River. The PHMSA's database of spills does not include this one because its investigation is not complete. The Enbridge spill has its own page at phmsa.dot.gov/pipeline/enbridge, which notes that the cause of the rupture has not been determined. PHMSA rejected Enbridge's first attempt to restart, asking that Enbridge repair and pressure-test four additional anomalies in the pipeline. This is an example of how a company that is doing what it considers to be safe may not actually be safe. The Enbridge spill in Romeoville, Ill., in September, 2010, is also not in the database. One wonders how many other spills there have been. Based on the part Enbridge played in one of the largest inland pipeline spills in U. S. history, I do wish our regulatory agencies would slow them down.Police officers with issues are dangerous  "Chief fires officer accused of DWI, shooting gun -- 2 other terminations bring total during Brown's tenure to 30," Officer Rafael Mendoza was accused of assaulting his girlfriend in March and was given a five-day suspension, or in my opinion, the week off. Mendoza shot at another car and endangered the life of a citizen because he was drunk and had been using marijuana. The assault should have been a red flag, and assistant chief Vince Golbeck should have required Mendoza to get his drinking problem addressed, not just suggested it. Police officers are figures of authority and carry guns; they should be forced to have their issues resolved before they cause violence.Readers respond to letters of support for Dr. Kern Wildenthal Rights don't cover wrongs Based on the number of letters to the editor in Sunday's Points section, some of your highly educated readers believe that it's okay to rob Peter to pay Paul. In the case of Dr. Kern Wildenthal of UT Southwestern, his efforts to attract big money for UTSW have to be truly admired because of its long-term financial impact. However, his extravagant lifestyle using our taxpayers' and donors' money, then manipulating the books on his personal expense account and tax returns, is not, if he did indeed do that. One cannot do one good deed and then turn around and perform such acts. If one gets caught robbing a bank, they must pay the price despite the good they have done in the past. The IRS generally finds places to stay for people like that. For all those people with "MD" after their name who wrote a letter in support of Dr. Wildenthal's actions, they should be truly embarrassed. It looks like exotic places all over the world, fine wine and the opera did Wildenthal in. It's really too bad when people overreach and destroy their wonderful reputations. Apparently, greed takes over.Hard work deserves to play I want to congratulate The News for printing all the letters in Sunday's paper that were in support of Kern Wildenthal. I have to agree with the supporters: Maybe Wildenthal did overcharge some on his expense accounts, but when you think of how much in donations he has gotten for UT Southwestern, I think he should be able to take his wife with him on occasion and treat her to some of the finer things in life.Capable but fake is still shady "The trouble with sincerity -- Abilities to lead, compromise are more important traits to have in politicians" Magill argues that sincerity is relatively unimportant for a politician. When presidents, Supreme Court judges or congressmen take an oath of office, I most certainly want them to be sincere when they promise "to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States of America." Unfortunately, I think this oath is sometimes taken with crossed fingers. Imagine: starting your term of office with a lie. About sincerity Mr. Magill asks, "Should we care?" He may not care, but I darn sure do. His arguments about sincerity being different from honesty and frankness or that "truth will not be lost in keeping the distinction" reminds me about President Clinton and the meaning of the word is. An extremely competent but insincere president is more dangerous than an incompetent president, whether he is sincere or insincere. The very polite Japanese diplomats in Washington, D.C., when Pearl Harbor was attacked were insincere. Was that unimportant?Christians OK with torture?  "Credit intelligence gatherers"  Once again we have letters in The News applauding the abuse of prisoners in the "war on terror." This is in spite of the fact that this behavior has been shown to be unnecessary and counterproductive. Worse yet to me is the fact I often hear these opinions stated by those who call themselves Christians. Little wonder that studies by evangelical Christian and author David Kinnaman show people in America and Europe increasingly alienated by churches, which they find to be more judgmental than compassionate.Mark Davis needs to give credit where it's due  "Attacks on Obama's ad pathetic" Where were Mark Davis' disparaging comments about President George W. Bush when he cut everyone's taxes without paying for it, started two wars without paying for it and started a prescription drug coverage for seniors without paying for it? All of this put us down the rat hole, and President Obama has been trying his best to bring us back. Remember, Osama bin Laden is dead, and General Motors is alive. Enough said.Like they've done to Main Street Garden, the homeless will take over Belo Garden  "Belo Garden: back to nature in the city -- Park project unpaved a parking lot and put up a paradise," This article was beautifully written and indicated perfectly the purpose of this wonderful new park. I live a block from it but will be unable to use it even though the article indicates it is for downtown residents, visitors and tourists. Soon its tables and benches will be completely overrun with the homeless. As they do with the downtown library and Main Street Garden, the homeless will claim it as theirs. There will be one at each table and each bench, making it impossible for any others to use this park. On opening night at Main Street Garden, the police officers there promised it would not become a homeless hangout, and it has. I'm sure it will be the same story with Belo Garden.Mexican companies should play fair first  "A seat at the table -- Mexico should be in on trade talks"  Including Mexico in the Trans Pacific Partnership would unlock tremendous potential for both Mexico and Texas. However, Mexico has rule-of-law problems that go beyond narcotrafficking. The U.S.-Mexican economic and financial partnership is currently threatened by a bankruptcy proceeding of a major Mexican company, glassmaker Vitro. Vitro's shareholders created a huge amount of debts between the holding company and its subsidiaries, and then sought the protection of the Mexican courts claiming that they are too indebted (to themselves) to pay Vitro's genuine outside creditors -- most of them American bond investors. A court in Monterrey, Mexico, ruled that Vitro could count its homemade debt owed to itself as equivalent to the debt owed to others. If Vitro's actions withstand continued legal challenges in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Dallas and in courts in Mexico, it will make a mockery of the rule of law in Mexico despite its great strides forward in transparency and accountability. The impact of this case would discourage lending and investment in Mexico and serve to chill the positive cross-border trade and job growth we've seen flourish in recent years. So yes, Mexico should be invited into the TPP -- but once companies like Vitro play fair.Ted Cruz is speaking in code "Hopefuls differ on taxation, migrants -- They attack absent Dewhurst, one another in appearances at tea party rally, Morning News," Tuesday news story. Ted Cruz's word-salad of a political ad would be lame if it weren't dangerous. In it, he claims to be both a defender of the Constitution and a sovereign. If he had any true understanding of the Constitution, he would not be claiming sovereignty for Texas or any other state. And don't be fooled: He is using sovereign as a code word to all of those people who somehow think that the federal government is not the supreme law of the land. Not even a tortured reading of the 10th Amendment changes that. The only constitution that even reflected that view was the Articles of Confederation, which ruled over the South after the states seceded. Texas does not serve under that constitution. This does not make Cruz a candidate; it makes him a traitor.Yes, Mormons are Christians "Let's avoid distorting LDS faith -- It deserves tolerance, but not a Christian label that's no longer an issue" by Mark Davis, Thursday Viewpoints column. As a Latter-day Saint, I claim to be a Christian. I believe that Jesus is the Son of God, that he atoned for our sins, that he was resurrected, that he taught great principles -- principles one should follow to be happy in this life. I believe that one must believe in Jesus to be saved from death. I believe the Bible to be an inspired work and study it along with the Book of Mormon -- another inspired work. But, all this does not qualify me to be a Christian because I believe that God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost are three separate personages rather than one Godhead that assumes different forms and shapes at different times. Seemingly Davis believes that even though I believe the rest of the above and live a good life, I'll get barred from heaven because I do not understand the nature of the Godhead. I'm guessing he is wrong.Fox writing rules for henhouse "Drilling possible along Trinity -- Some worry about firm's lease of flood plains, parkland, but task force member plays down concerns," I find it appalling that David Biegler, a gas company CEO, was allowed to help write the recommendations for the new city ordinance that will govern and regulate his own industry. There's a reason companies shouldn't be writing the very laws they must follow. Biegler's denigrating comments about our parklands and the Trinity River demonstrate this perfectly: Just because some parklands don't have swing sets doesn't mean we should develop them as industrial areas instead of future city parks. Just because some areas of the Trinity flood plain were used for undesirable purposes in the past doesn't mean we should continue the legacy of pollution. The Trinity and our parklands are treasures that we should improve for future generations to enjoy. City Council members should pass an ordinance that will protect and expand Dallas' recreational areas, not simply go along with drilling industry attempts to write their own rules.Admit where the debt began "National debt a bigger threat," Boldt says President Obama ignores the Bush administration's use of "enhanced interrogation" (torture) to accumulate the military intelligence that led to the president's successful action to find and kill Osama bin Laden, and that our national debt is a bigger threat to the nation's security. Boldt himself ignores the fact that casual acceptance of larcenous financial dealings widespread from 2000 to 2008 is what led to the financial failures that undermined our own economy and economies around the world. I knew our fine nation would survive the Bush presidency but that we would need years to recover from it.Torture stance is tired Chris Boldt and those like him should pride themselves on their selective memory. They make the same tired argument that it was interrogation policies under George W. Bush that made the capture of bin Laden possible and that the national debt and deficit are President Obama's doing. As always they conveniently leave out the fact that it was George W. Bush who enacted budget-busting policies such as unfunded wars, tax breaks and that little thing called Medicare Part D. These same people are the ones who probably blamed Obama as gas prices rose, yet are largely silent as they continue to fall. To those people I say, you can't have it both ways.What is Obama's record on immigration? We give them good reason "Perry blasts Obama over minors' immigration -- Governor says inaction encourages more to enter U.S. illegally," Tuesday news story. governor Perry blames President Obama for a recent increase in the number of minors entering the country illegally on their own. Maybe the children are coming to the United States to take advantage of Perry's program of giving illegal immigrants in-state tuition at our Texas universities. If that's not "Perry the Pot" calling "Obama the Kettle" black, I don't know what is.Isn't illegal entry slowing? Our governor "blasts" Obama over immigration? The article states that deportations have increased during Obama's administration and that illegal immigration has decreased sharply. There's also an Associated Press release this week that says, "the number of agents more than doubled and apprehensions of people entering illegally from Mexico dropped to a 40-year low." Sounds like excellent progress to me. Maybe our governor needs to look at the whole picture before he blasts the administration.Is Obama pandering or reaching out? A good dressing-down "Obama's shameless pandering -- Strategy full of bogus court challenges and straw men" Kudos to Krauthammer for having the intestinal fortitude (guts) to expose the "emperor" who to many is riding high but in actuality is without a stitch.Republicans are doing it, too Krauthammer attacks the president's attempts to appeal to "particularly those that elected Obama in 2008 -- blacks, Hispanics, women, young people." I call this electioneering. What does Krauthammer call the shameless attempts by right-wing Republicans to appeal to tea party types, millionaires and billionaires, anti-gay rights protesters, anti-abortion protesters and the National Rifle Association? I wonder if the Republican Party stands for anything positive anymore. Why can't we address real issues that affect the majority of our citizens and do so with real programs? All of these so-called social issues are just a dangerous distraction from dealing with the major issues facing our country.Not everyone's pitching in  "Arlington and all, take heed,"  Tell that to the fine pillars of our metroplex who reside in Highland Park, where there are no water restrictions and no contribution to conservation. The common folk are bound to do their fair share, but the elite can squander for all.Stay-in-school encouragement Next Saturday I will graduate from Bishop Dunne Catholic School and I will attend Abilene Christian University on a Dean's scholarship in the fall. It's such an exciting time, but it's been a long journey. I would like to encourage students around Texas to stay in school. I understand there will be challenging moments, but being in those tough times is when we are the strongest. I struggled with severe migraines throughout high school, so my study habits were not so great. However, by asking for extra help from my teachers and guidance counselor, I was able to complete each of my classes with A's. While juggling high school academics, I also was able to take two college courses at a local community college and accumulate a 4.0 GPA. I will be going into college with at least 12 credit hours. Knowing that some students drop out of high school because the work may be difficult breaks my heart. Giving up is never an option. Do your best no matter what, because the Man upstairs never gives you anything you cannot handle.Readers react to Obama's endorsement of same-sex marriage  "President makes history by endorsing same-sex marriage," What a beautiful evening Wednesday was an epic day for me and my gay and lesbian brothers and sisters. Years ago, I celebrated when the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the Texas Sodomy Law. For us, it was a moment of public celebration and hope. On Wednesday, I shared the same joy with new friends over the clicking of wine glasses on a beautiful Dallas evening. Our country has matured. The simple act of "coming out" has let the public realize there should be no fear of gays or lesbians wanting to belong. We simply want to contribute to the fabric of society. I will never forget Wednesday night, or the friends who share my journey, or the partner who fills me with awe every moment of my life.Just a sex-y distraction The timing of President Obama's announcement regarding his "evolved" position on gay marriage is nothing more than his way of pleading, "Can we please stop talking about the economy?"Why it's important Why do people want to get married when they can live together? Living together is a functional equivalent to marriage, but it isn't marriage. That next step is a public declaration that a couple is ready to permanently commit to one another. It means that the escape routes are narrow, legal and expensive. It means that two people are forming the bedrock upon which they will form a family, buy a house, share resources and live within the legal dimensions that allow them to make decisions together and for the other. Marriage was easy for me and my husband, but for so many, it's impossible. That's a shame.Animals, incest irrelevant I wish to thank President Obama for his support for gay marriage. For those who disagree, let me make a couple of pre-emptive remarks. It does not open the door to child sex, marriage to animals or incest. There are clear differences between those practices and two consenting adults openly expressing their commitment to each other. Gay marriage gives two people of the same gender the same protection and rights that those of different genders have.Will Vatican speak out? Joseph Biden, a Catholic, admitted publicly before President Obama that he approves of same-sex marriage. The Vatican recently rebuked a whole group of Catholic nuns whose leadership also publicly approved of same-sex marriage. To be silent on Biden's admission and to rebuke a group of American Catholic nuns would be a form of hypocrisy simply because one is a high public official and the other is a lowly group of Catholic women.Obama late to the party It strikes me as comical that the same president who made a "gutsy" call in ordering the raid on Bin Laden's compound would have his finger in the wind for 60-plus days awaiting the right time and venue to declare his new-found epiphany on gay marriage. Maybe President Obama's LGBT supporters should wait 60 days after November to announce their convictions.A 'de-evolved' position The president has "evolved" his position on same-sex marriage, even though over 30 states have voted to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman. Again, the president is going against the will of the American citizen. Does it appear that the newly found process of "evolution" the president practices is resulting in a de-evolution of our nation?Readers react to the latest news on the Aboretum-Winfrey Point dispute  "Not just prairie at stake in fight" by Jacquielynn Floyd, Tuesday Metro; "Winfrey Point parking on hold," Thursday news story; and "Belo Garden: From parking lot to urban park," Could cut playground size It is a sad irony that the announcement of the opening of the Belo Garden, a garden replacing a parking lot, was adjacent to the continuing saga of the fiasco of the Dallas Arboretum's need to use Winfrey Point as overflow parking. It is perplexing that the self-taught botanist Dr. Robert O'Kennon finds the non-native plants to be invasive, but he doesn't seem to consider the impact of thousands of vehicles crushing the earth and grass, as well as leaking fluids onto the earth to leach into the groundwater, to be invasive. His education is sadly lacking. The new children's interactive playground is monstrous in size. The purpose would not have been compromised one iota if a portion of that vast project had been relegated to acreage for the construction of a parking building on-site. It certainly would have been more convenient for the patrons. Most bothersome is the fact that the city parks of Dallas are open to all people, regardless of financial status. However, the Dallas Arboretum is a pricey entity that is available to those who can afford it.Sneakiness tarnishes image Shame on the Arboretum and the city parks department for the sneaky, destructive and divisive solution to the Arboretum's parking needs. The citizens of Dallas and lovers of White Rock Lake Park and the Arboretum expect and deserve better from you. You have certainly tarnished the Arboretum's image and the Chihuly exhibit's opening with your behavior.Garden an educational gem On Sunday, April 22, The News ran a front page story describing in words and pictures the educational benefits of the Arboretum's Rory Meyers Children's Adventure Garden. As a retired science teacher, I appreciate beyond measure the effort and determination involved in bringing this outdoor, experiential Earth science exhibit to life. Now I am suddenly seeing letters to the editor from disgruntled readers about parking, traffic and admission fees. Did they miss this story? My assumption is they can't see the forest for the trees: U.S. students are so behind in science and math that they are statistically negligible among all nations. The Adventure Garden is not just an extended playground to expand Arboretum profits; it is an interactive educational facility that will help fill the gaping hole in science education in North Texas. As a family member, for just $109 I can take my grandchildren to the Arboretum as many times as possible all year to experience and learn about the natural world we all depend on for our survival. Thank you, Dallas Arboretum.How about an express bus? There is an obvious solution to the Arboretum parking mess that would be a win-win for everyone involved. DART has a light rail station just a few blocks from the Arboretum. All that is needed is an express bus from this station to the Arboretum. DART wins, city of Dallas wins, park-goers win and Arboretum parking problems go away. It's good for just about everyone, but probably not good enough for the bigs who run the Arboretum.Making this jewel ugly When the Arboretum opened, it was a welcome addition to our city. My family and I spent many happy hours there and proudly shared it with our out-of-town guests. Now I'm not so happy with it. The plan to mow native blackland prairie is upsetting enough, but their plans to take over the area from the border of the Arboretum past Winfrey Point is appalling. Over the years, family and friends had countless activities at Winfrey Point: church, family and school parties. For natives, the park was a large playground for us from childhood onward, free to all. Watching younger generations of Dallasites enjoying the lake, as we have, is a joy. If the Arboretum's plans are fulfilled, the ball fields will be paved and trails for bicycling, walking and jogging won't be viable for those who enjoy that area. Not to be discounted is the increased traffic in the neighborhoods and the rise in temperature in the area because of the additional pavement. They are taking a jewel in this city and turning it into a lump of coal.Pay for another solution It is hard to deny the beauty of the Arboretum and its value to the community, but it should use its own ample resources to solve its parking situation. Paving over public lands -- ecologically and locally-historic significant public lands, at that -- is simply wrong. We are not talking about a park that is freely open to the public for its use but about an entity whose entrance fees are not inexpensive. Surely there is another way.For some, parking necessary I can understand the pushback regarding a permanent garage, but I don't believe the park or the Arboretum is intended only for those who can walk to them. The rest of us need parking.At least leave the table The plan to pave Winfrey Point is not acceptable. I am not a tree hugger, but the plan to pave wild grassland for rich folks screws normal folks. To Arboretum president Mary Redinger: Pave the whole damn thing so you can park your cars. When you do dedicate the concrete garage, I'll be shedding tears on my friend's donated For the Love of the Lake table at Winfrey Point. If it's still there.Remember this at the polls What a contradiction. City of Dallas promotes the native wildflowers at the new Belo Garden while making plans to pave over beautiful, native vegetation that is a source of beauty. When it comes time to vote for city councilpersons, let's not return some of them to office.Any prairie lovers before? For the past five or six years and probably longer, my wife and I have met a group of our friends virtually every Wednesday at 8 a.m. for our usual 4- or 5-mile walk or run. We proceed down Emerald Isle, past Winfrey Point to areas north. During all those years, we have never, ever seen anyone admiring the wildflowers or marveling at the blackland prairie. Never.An underground idea I spent a week in Luxembourg about 15 years ago, and it took me two days to find where the grocery stores were. They were underground with no signs above ground. So, the Arboretum should build a four-story underground parking garage where its surface parking lot is. And the surface could be planted in flowers.Let's keep working on this Congratulations to everyone involved in the recent decision not to move toward changing grassland into parking lot. The local citizens brought the issue fully into the consciousness of the parks department and the Arboretum, and those entities made strong decisions regarding stewardship. There is no us and them. We are all on the same page. The system worked, and it is assumed that in the future, we will all work together in the same way when other such issues arise.New blood to replace Joe Barton: Frank Kuchar Loosen federal grip with Kuchar I urge readers who live in U.S. House District 6 in Tarrant and Ellis counties to elect Frank Kuchar for U.S. Congress in the Republican primary May 29. Frank is a competent, can-do conservative Republican. He is an expert on the Constitution and knows where we can cut the budget and save our economy. He will work to make our schools and economy strong by freeing us from unnecessary rules from Washington Replace Barton with Kuchar Career politician Joe Barton has been our District 6 congressional representative for 28 years. Each year of his service, our national debt has increased. Congress is now gridlocked and dysfunctional. Surely if Barton were going to exhibit effective leadership he would have done so by now. He simply must be replaced. One of the worst choices is Joe Chow, who moved from Addison into our district only a few months ago. He claims to be a conservative but according to contribution records filed with the FEC, he contributed money multiple times to liberal Democrats. Tied for worst choice is Itamar Gelbman, the last challenger to file for this competition. He's something of a loose cannon and is not likely to be considered a serious challenger. The best choice is Frank Kuchar. He is a supporter of term limits and the fair tax with no desire for a career in politics. Frank's the real thing.A vote for Leppert will give North Texas representation The U.S. Senate race here in Texas is a critical one, and we in the North Texas area should fight every day to get Tom Leppert elected. This is a businessman who has proven he has the leadership qualities we need in D.C. to fix a plethora of economic ills. But the biggest issue for me as a civic leader here in Dallas is this: Should Leppert not be elected, both of our senators will be from South Texas for potentially the next 12 to 18 years. North Texas needs to be represented in Washington, and Leppert is the only man who can do that.Republicans should reach out to independents and Democrats As the general election season begins, Texas can be a winner by joining previous winning states with a large resounding vote for Mitt Romney. All Republicans in 2012 must have a single unifying goal of getting rid of the Obama Disaster. Regardless of a voter's personal likes and dislikes, ideology, preferences or prejudices, each voter should now rally behind Romney to unite our party. Being mad is not enough; we must all unite and reach out to independents and Democrats so that we Americans can remove Obama. America's very survival depends on this 2012 election. Real hope and change are critical.At least there's transparency with Planned Parenthood  "About rights or money?" Underwood argues that Planned Parenthood relies on the corporate fiction by supposedly dividing its abortion centers from its health centers since they may share the same roof, employees and customers. Using that argument, she must put churches at the head of the list as money-grubbing interests that are only interested in their bottom line. Churches bid for, and spend, millions of dollars in grants from the taxpayers through faith-based initiatives. It should be noted there is no watchdog organization over how the churches spend taxpayer funds, but the books of Planned Parenthood are wide open.More of the same isn't going to fix Europe's financial problems  "Votes reject recovery via austerity -- French, Greeks right to try to dump a strategy that doesn't work" The entire premise of Krugman's article -- that budget cuts have caused economic problems in Europe -- is false. For instance, spending in France has actually increased, not decreased. Even if spending cuts were happening, this wouldn't cause real economic trouble because it's government spending that has been the source of economic trouble. Any dollar that the government spends has to come from somewhere. If it's taxes or inflation, that's literally siphoning money off the economy you're trying to help. To say that the solution to a spending problem is more spending is ludicrous. The time has come for European countries to end their century-long fling with central planning and to restore freedom and enterprise into their markets.The AP should paint whole picture of gay marriage legislation  "GOP senator Lugar loses primary -- N.C. voters bolster gay marriage ban; Romney victorious in 3 states," The coverage of the results of the North Carolina gay marriage amendment was incredibly biased. All that was written by The Associated Press is that although North Carolina voted for the ban, six states and Washington, D.C., now recognize gay unions. Do you know how many states have rejected gay unions? Thirty-two. If the AP covered the Rangers game on Tuesday night, all we would know is that Baltimore scored 3 runs. Nothing about the Rangers scoring 10 runs or Josh's four homers.Money is a service motivator  "Penney to stop paying commissions on sales -- Workers to become hourly part-timers; schedules to be cut," J.C. Penney should be boycotted by anyone who works or has worked retail. Taking away commissions and reducing hours to part-time status is ridiculous. The quote by Daphne Avila, that moving away from commissions is to motivate associates to meet the customers' needs, makes no sense. Why would you try harder if you aren't motivated by making more money and ensuring that people come back to see you, so you can make even more? Saying that this will allow employees to get "a better sense of their incomes" is just blowing smoke and is really saying, "We are going to cap how much we pay you in order to balance our books and increase our profits." The other side of this is if you do not bow down to the new way of thinking, they can hire somebody else for less and increase their profits more, at least until the new hires are smart enough to figure it out -- then Penney will replace them, too. I have worked retail for 37 years and have seen companies use this strategy over and over. The everyday employee is expendable, and customer service gets worse, not better. If you shop J.C. Penney, get ready for that greatly motivated customer service.Think about what we'll lose with Republican budget "GOP budget bill faces vote, veto," If enacted, the Republican budget Romney supports will, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, essentially end all government spending except Social Security, health care entitlements, defense and interest on the debt by 2050. This means that there will be far less of the basic research that gave us microchips, the internet, global positioning systems and key medical discoveries. There will be none of the federal infrastructure funds, like roads, airports, the power grid and water and solid waste management that are necessary to attract business. No financial and environmental regulations, such as food and water safety inspections. No safety net for the poor, which would lead to a lack of upward mobility and more social instability, like higher crime rates. And there will be no federal funds for the education and job training that have made all of us more productive. Is this what we want?Three cheers to emergency workers, the woman who saved a puppy and Waxahachie Community Theatre 1 To Dallas medical emergency workers -- Last month I was savagely mauled by a pit bull dog after I entered a hotel room. I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the police and fire and rescue team who helped save my life with their heroic work. The same thanks goes to the doctors, surgeons and staff of Baylor Medical for putting what was left of me back together.  2 To the young lady I saw on my street -- I saw you as you got out of a black car and dropped that puppy off in my neighbor's front yard. I watched you as the dog returned and you again shooed him back before you drove away. I uttered bad words to you when I thought you had abandoned a helpless animal. However, after calling my friends across the street to help capture the poor thing, I learned they were unaware that their new pet, Mozart, had escaped their back yard. Now I thank you, young lady. You didn't abandon a puppy; you probably saved his young life. You are welcome on our street any time. 3 To Waxahachie Community Theatre -- Compliments on the theater's production of South Pacific. The cast was wonderful, and the orchestra sounded great. The 100-year-old Chautauqua auditorium made us realize that the commitment of those in the past helped preserve a place for the future.East Texas racism proof that voter ID laws must not stand  "Federal court gives Abbott deadlines for voter ID evidence -- Judges say law could be delayed past election; AG says he'll comply," The Texas voter ID law is under federal court review, as the state has a history of racial discrimination. The attorney general and the law's defenders say that it is about voter fraud prevention. Meanwhile, this East Texas news in Wednesday's paper: "The Justice Department has been investigating authorities in Tenaha and Shelby County since they were named in a 2008 class action lawsuit alleging that a drug interdiction program initiated by the town of 1,160 was in fact a scheme to seize cash. The suit says innocent motorists, most of them black or ethnic minorities, were stopped on U.S. Highway 59 and threatened with money laundering charges if they didn't agree to forfeit their cash." Clearly racial discrimination is not merely a relic of the past. The voter ID laws must not be allowed to stand.Wildenthal could afford to take out his wife, himself "Hard work deserves to play" Opinions, like Douglas-Buttolph's, that you have printed in support of Dr. Kern Wildenthal's use of UT-Southwestern money to fund a lavish lifestyle are, in a word, absurd. He was being paid about $1 million to do his job. He could well have afforded to take his wife on a vacation, to buy opera tickets and to drink fine wine. He did not have to steal from the organization that paid him.Election notes: A different idea of a values voter; replace Barton with Kuchar A different set of values "Values voters" as defined by the far right are voters who oppose gay rights, abortion, the separation of church and state and evolution. They have disdain for experts, scientists and universities and revere the traditional family and Christian church. I'll be a "values voter" of a different sort. I value a society that provides a safety net for the disadvantaged or unlucky; promotes education, safety and a healthy environment; honors commitments to retirees, veterans and children; accepts diversity; rewards hard work; strives for universal health care; and treats all with respect, compassion and fairness. A society with these values invests in them. I also value financial responsibility. I know for a fact that the society I want is affordable but only if everyone pays his or her fair share. I do not want special tax breaks carved out for those who don't need them. The last thing we need is to balance the budget on the backs of the already-struggling middle class. "Trickle down" has been debunked again and again. Candidates at all levels who share my values will get my vote.Replace Barton with Kuchar Career politician Joe Barton has been our District 6 congressional representative for 28 years. Each year of his service, our national debt has increased. Congress is now gridlocked and dysfunctional. Surely if Barton were going to exhibit effective leadership he would have done so by now. He simply must be replaced. One of the worst choices is Joe Chow, who moved from Addison into our district only a few months ago. He claims to be a conservative but according to contribution records filed with the FEC, he contributed money multiple times to liberal Democrats. Tied for worst choice is Itamar Gelbman, the last challenger to file for this competition. He's something of a loose cannon and is not likely to be considered a serious challenger. The best choice is Frank Kuchar. He is a supporter of term limits and the fair tax with no desire for a career in politics. Frank's the real thing.Can NorthPark do that?  "Booting teens a money move for NorthPark"NorthPark Center has apparently become its own country. Isn't it a violation of our First Amendment rights to deny written statements on clothing? And can someone tell me what exactly constitutes a swear word? In NorthPark, clothing is sold that has under garments sewn into them to appear exposed. Why do they sell them if they'll be against mall policy? A more appropriate way to handle the children hanging out in the mall would be to give them a place to hang out and have it patrolled by real police. Or they could just hand out free candy and police whistles to all the unattended kids, then encourage them to go home and show their parents what they got.Bring the Texas Eagle train up to speed After my semiannual Amtrak ride from Austin to Dallas, I'd like to suggest changes for traveling efficiency. With all respect to Taylor and Cleburn, Amtrak should re-route the Texas Eagle through Temple, Waco, Dallas, Fort Worth then to Oklahoma City, Tulsa and on its present schedule through Missouri. Currently it swings west, slows for freights, goes into Fort Worth, then has to back out to come to Dallas and vanishes into East Texas and Arkansas before finding Missouri. The train is scheduled to depart Austin at 9:30 a.m. and arrive in Dallas at 3:30 p.m. I have arrived on time just once. But there was the largest crowd of train riders in Austin that I have witnessed in my nearly ten years taking this train. A couple of veteran travelers were complaining of the slowness but understood the political morass under which Amtrak and other high speed rail is buried. I love this train ride, but it's time to move it into the 21st century.Bishops have no authority over Girl Scouts The AP recently ran a story about the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops' official inquiry into the Girl Scouts of the USA about "program materials that some Catholics find offensive." The Girl Scouts are not under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Church. The Girl Scouts are a secular organization that encourages leadership and independence in girls regardless of religious belief or sexual orientation -- which is why the USCCB has a problem with them. The bishops prefer that girls be taught to keep their place. That these monumentally arrogant, misogynistic hypocrites dare to open their mouths about the so-called morality of anyone else makes my blood boil. If individual Catholic parents are dissatisfied with their local Girl Scout troop's programs, they can always drop out and join American Heritage Girls, where they'll never have to worry about their daughters being encouraged to do anything other than marrying, reproducing and submitting. But since the majority of Catholics these days disregard just about everything the bishops have to say regarding human sexuality and women's roles in society, I think most Catholic parents will stick with the Girl Scouts.We're tiptoeing around ACLU at the expense of our rights  "Grads' prayers to be ' remarks' -- Terms 'benediction,' 'invocation' dropped from ceremonies," It is a sad thing that the vast majority of the country has to traipse around the words "benediction" and "invocation" at school graduations just to satisfy the minority in the ACLU. Students' right to religious expression is not checked at the schoolhouse doors, even though the ACLU and others try to bully and intimidate them. Adults in government and the marketplace have these same rights to express their religious beliefs. It's time to learn about our rights in these areas and tell the ACLU to stop badgering our students.Flag on dad's grave an honor "A proper salute -- Group rallying to place a flag on every veteran's grave,"  I sat down not five minutes ago with my coffee and toast, opened the paper to the front page and immediately burst into tears. As a matter of fact, tears are still falling as I type this. Thank you. Thank you to Bob Fussner, who is organizing the volunteer effort at the National Cemetery to make sure every grave has a flag this Memorial Day. And thank you to everyone who donated time or money to make this happen. This past Saturday would have been my dad's 63rd birthday. Steve Klenka passed away just a few months ago, Feb. 20, after a fight with prostate cancer. On March 2 he became one of "the cremains of soldiers placed separately four or five high in columns." The service was beautiful; he was guarded by an Air Force staff sergeant (dad's rank when he left the service after the Vietnam War) and a Marine. I can think of no greater honor than to have his and every soldier's grave decorated with the flag on Memorial Day. You can bet I will be there to see it, and I'm sure the tears will flow once again.Obama acting fiscally Greek "Admit where the debt began" Following the well-worn Democratic mantra, Nelson blames President Bush for the current debt crisis. In 2006, when the Democrats took over both houses of Congress, the deficit was $200 billion and the unemployment rate was just 4.4 percent. But by the end of 2010, the Democrats had total control of the Congress and the White House and had set in place spending programs that would produce trillion dollar deficits into the indefinite future. Today, President Obama acts like he is running for president of Greece, as he ignores debt and spends all of his vast rhetorical energy on class warfare. Treating citizens like lemmings, our president is running on the slogan of "Forward" as he continues to drive the economy over the cliff.Hoping teen restriction brings mall Zen again  "Teens bridle at mall constraints -- But first days of new policy go smoothly, with security officers using a light touch," The newly implemented rule requiring parents to accompany teens at NorthPark after 6 p.m. is fervently welcomed, but long overdue. NorthPark used to provide a Zen-like shopping experience. One could expect to enter and exit the mall promptly and undisturbed. But the remodel unintentionally bred a new type of shopper: the juvenile hooligan. Prone to wander about the mall in aimless throngs, these youngsters come in sagging pants, displaying more skin than a Calvin Klein model. Lacking respect, these teens hurl racial epithets as if they were rehearsing for a hip-hop music video. I want the old NorthPark back, and I want these youths to either learn how to behave or relocate to a suitable, more age-appropriate hangout spot.JPMorgan's $2 billion trading loss is causing some anxious bureaucrats to call for more regulation on Wall Street, and the news media have given this loss much publicity. Considering the extensive damage the federal government has caused to the economic condition of Americans by its reckless spending, a $2 billion loss for JPMorgan is like a person losing a penny. JPMorgan's loss has limited effect, but the federal government's ignoring the Constitutional limits on its functions does financial damage to the entire nation.We have the power to protect against reckless trading  "No knee-jerk regulation on JPMorgan loss,"  Kern writes that regulation in response to the recent JPMorgan trading loss would amount to the federal government "ignoring the Constitutional limits on its functions." Although the federal government was limited and weak under the Articles of Confederation (1781 to 1789), it is limited but powerful under the Constitution.Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution gives the federal government the power, among other things, to provide for the general welfare of the United States, to borrow money on credit, to coin money and regulate its value, to regulate commerce with foreign powers and among the states themselves, and "to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers ...."In light of the Constitution's express language, it's hard to imagine a more appropriate use of federal power than regulating the type of reckless securities trading that causes billions of dollars in losses to investors in all 50 states.C.J. Wilson deserved better The Rangers played a great game against the Angels on Friday night, but the fans' treatment of C.J. Wilson was nauseating. Wilson is one of the reasons the Rangers are the reigning American League champs. I'm glad he was a Ranger, even if for a short time. It's not Wilson's fault that Rangers management declined to make a competitive offer. Are the fans going to boo Josh Hamilton if he comes back in another uniform? I won't.Don't misrepresent GOP cuts "Think about what we'll lose," Michaelsen posits that if the Republican budget is enacted that a great long list of losses will occur: no infrastructure, no basic research in science or medicine, no financial or environmental regulations, no safety net, no funds for education or job training, etc. How can you publish such an opinion? Paul Ryan's proposal essentially does not make actual cuts on existing programs, but slows their growth. If we want to save Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid for our children, they must be modified to be sustainable. Spending another $1.3 trillion that we do not have each year will only lead us to disaster. Greece and Spain come to mind. No future disaster could be more easily forecast than the one that will occur if we continue on the current path.During my time in Dallas, you made me think I write you as I am leaving Dallas after having been a resident for 31 years and a faithful daily subscriber of The Dallas Morning News for an equal number of years. Reading your editorial page has always been an integral and enlightening part of my morning. Disagreement and discussion are healthy, and as a centrist Democratic, I have taken exception to your editorial positions at least as often, if not more, as I have been in agreement. I congratulate you. You have provided, particularly over the past few years, a strong and effective adhesive, bringing the fabric of this diverse city and its divergent special interests together. I regard The News as one of the most thorough and balanced editorial pages in the nation; this coming from someone who daily sifts through a lot of pulp and ink, both on the Web and by subscription. I greatly respect The News and its significant gravitas, and hold it in high esteem. Is there any possibility that you would consider taking the Hattiesburg American under your editorial wing? Thanks for the memories. I wish you continued success in the future.A teacher of compassion "By banning compassionate teen, hospital misses teachable moment," As a medical educator for 35 years, I would argue that there are many lessons here, and the student, Haven Hendrik, might be the real teacher. A pillar of professionalism is the acquisition of empathy for others -- understanding of the human condition through the eyes of another individual. Another pillar is the assumption of responsibility and responsiveness to needs of patients and society that supersede self-interest. We are often privy to sensitive information that we must learn to keep confidential; this is certainly a basis for HIPAA, the bludgeon in the story. However, principles often abut or conflict with one another, and part of professionalism is understanding how to reconcile such conflicts by recognizing priorities and context. Perhaps Haven can teach us where priorities should be before she is officiously dismissed from the health care system by those who do not realize that compassion is integral to professionalism, and we lose the opportunity to learn from her. Another substantive lesson not to be forgotten is that the homeless lady was suffering from more than her immediate illness, a disease of our contemporary society in which she must wait for an emergency to obtain needed health care. I do not have the specific information about her condition (and should not, remember HIPAA!), but perhaps our young heroine also was touched by this ridiculous state of affairs. Let's encourage Haven and hope that she will be at the bedside of our children in the future. Dr. George Lister, associate dean for education, professor; and Robert L. Moore, chair in pediatrics, UT Southwestern Medical School, DallasDr. Alfred Gilman will be missed "State cancer official quits over lack of grant review -- $20 million awarded days after application arrived, Gilman says," The Dallas Morning News gave an inaccurate impression about my respect and admiration for Dr. Alfred Gilman. Dr. Gilman took over as the scientific director of Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas at its inception and was able to set up one of the most outstanding scientific peer review teams on the planet. The reviews of CPRIT grant applications have been rigorous and objective, and only those grants with the highest scientific merit have been selected for funding. It is disappointing to those individuals who are not approved for funding, but most would agree that the selection process is objective and fair. Dr. Gilman and the external review teams he put together have done a truly outstanding job for the state of Texas, making this program something that we can all be very proud of. The cancer researchers in Texas will miss his leadership at the helm of this great organization. CPRIT has become the envy of all cancer scientists all over the world and certainly something that all Texans should appreciate. We have been able to attract top recruits to the state of Texas because of the availability of CPRIT funds. We will all miss Dr. Gilman greatly.Readers react to the Teacher Retirement System's losing gamble  "How $100m turns into $516k -- Texas teachers' retirement fund loses millions in risky bet on Las Vegas gaming company," Sunday news story, and "Casino execs in fund deal gave to Perry -- Family, governor deny retirement system investment, donations linked,"  Rick Perry's welfare exposed Thanks to The Dallas Morning News for these articles on what I consider to be the misfeasance of the Teacher Retirement System trustees. Without your investigative reporting, this shocking loss would have been swept under the carpet in an annual report nobody would read. It is apparent that no "due diligence" was exercised by the executive director or the trustees themselves. The follow-up on Perry's connection to this boneheaded misuse of teachers' retirement fund is further evidence of the governor's corruption. He appointed every one of those trustees and must answer for their actions. He decries welfare at the same time he dishes out "corporate welfare" by the millions.Teacher Retirement System is investing well As a retired Texas teacher I read with apprehension your article concerning the TRS fund's loss of millions of dollars. I could envision my retirement income slipping away. The Las Vegas gamble was a disaster. However, you stated, "In 2011, TRS had one of the highest returns of any state pension fund." In addition you wrote, "After two years of steep investment losses, the Texas teacher pension fund has rebounded to the level of assets it had before the financial crisis." It had an 11 percent return in 2010. That's not bad. I only wish I could say the same for my personal investments.Politics behind TRS criticism This entire story seems like an attempt to convince readers that the state pension fund needs an overhaul. The TRS fund is exceptionally sound, just not funded. The financial salesmen are trying to convince the voters that the pension fund is in danger and rob the teachers of Texas of their pensions. Perhaps it would be more informational to investigate why the Rick Perry-controlled TRS board made such a dumb investment. This is why people are concerned about term limits: too much control over the appointments. Once again, the active and retired teachers of Texas bare the brunt of Perry's political decisions. The Legislature has not funded TRS properly in several years, and no one seems to care.Advice from an independent "Republicans should reach out," Burdick exhorts voters to abandon their "personal likes and dislikes, ideology, preferences or prejudices" and vote for Mitt Romney, to get rid of the "Obama disaster." He adds that it isn't enough to be mad (as in angry, presumably), but Republicans should reach out to independents and Democrats. As an independent voter, I offer a couple of suggestions for reaching out: I believe most independents have grown more than a little weary of the constant tone of anger as well as the obvious hateful personal attacks on the president. From his first days in office I have read and heard a barrage of missives about any and all actions taken by the administration, many of which are factually inaccurate and bigoted. Stop the "be afraid" ravings, promulgate some positive plans and I will be more disposed to listen to your reasons for gaining my vote.NorthPark Center can do what it likes  "Can NorthPark do that?" Carol displays a common misunderstanding of the Constitution. He asks if it is a violation of the First Amendment to deny written statements on clothing. The answer is a resounding "NO." The First Amendment, like all other amendments, applies to the government. If the city, state or the U.S. government passed similar laws, then there may indeed be a violation of our rights. NorthPark, on the other hand, is a private business and as such, is well within its rights to restrict what patrons may or may not wear. If a business wants to insist that all guests wear a three-piece suit, then it can. It is also within the rights of guests to choose whether or not to patronize that business. Obviously, there are situations where this could be challenged as illegal discrimination, but that's not a First Amendment issue. Please don't wave the Constitution simply because you don't like the rules of a private entity.Don't graduate with debt  "Most undergrads face burden of borrowing -- Crippling costs mount for families sold on investment," Our young people are drowning in debt for an education that won't pay for itself, at least not in this economy. Didn't any one tell Kelsey Griffith, the student featured in the article, that if you borrow money, you got to pay it back? Why didn't her parents go over budgeting and other options (local junior college first)? Her parents did her no favor by allowing this debt to be place on her young shoulders. Educators have programmed into students the only way to be successful is by going to college. I disagree. Today's tradespeople are baby boomers, and we are without a new source of trained people coming in to take their places when they retire. Far better to go to a trade school for a year or so and come out earning a decent paycheck than being stuck in a low-paying job, or two or three, to pay off a student loan.Laura Miller's folly still hurts "UT, OU make fair deal -- Contracts signed through 2020 call for Dallas to renovate aging stadium," The Dallas City Council voted to spend $25 million to update the Cotton Bowl, guaranteeing the UT-OU game is played there until 2020. The council unanimously agreed because of the millions that the game generates for the community. What a pity that Dallas celebrates this now when we could have celebrated a brand new stadium and hundreds of games for $300 million. The city of Dallas will continue to pay for, and try to make up for, the tragedy of Laura Miller.Pat Fallon right for state office  "We Recommend -- Fulton in Texas House District 106 GOP race,"  I totally disagree with your recommendation of Amber Fulton in the Republican primary for newly created District 106 in eastern Denton County. There is a far superior candidate running, Pat Fallon. Pat is serving on the Frisco City Council and as deputy mayor of Frisco. He had a long career in the Air Force. This is a man who has given himself to public service on the national and local level, and if given this opportunity will also add state service to his impressive résumé. In college he was a starting player for Notre Dame, no small feat. His opponent is a good candidate for a school board spot, but not for state office. Her dearth of knowledge of issues facing the state is completely apparent every time she appears at voter forums, This district was created to finally give Frisco, the fastest growing city in America, a voice in Austin, something we've never had before. Elect Pat Fallon, and he'll speak for Frisco.Is gay marriage disordered or on the right side of history? "Can gays help our matrimonial mess?" Gay marriage is disordered Blow's assumptions that the marriage issue is simply a cultural or generational problem is contradictory to the fact that marriage is biologically based in its foundations as well. In the strictest sense, according to Darwinian philosophy, homosexuality is a disorder according to the laws of natural selection. One may argue the point that failed marriages in this country between heterosexuals are also a result of a disorder, but more important, a disorder that is caused by lack of educational and social media awareness to what should be sacred and adhere to the natural order of things. A society that disregards its past and respect for the fundamental order of what is naturally right and correct has become a society that will cease to exist.Wrong side of history Recently I saw a news clip of George Wallace standing in the door of the administration building of the University of Alabama, blocking the entrance of African-American students. When I see this and similar images from the civil rights era, I wish I had been here to scream: "Can't you see that you are swimming against the current of history? African-American students will attend the University of Alabama despite your ignorance and bigotry." I get the same feeling when I see and hear people opposed to same-sex marriage. It is going to happen whether you like it or not, because it is the right thing to do. Get out of the way. You are swimming against the current of history.Justice system is guilty of bias "Wrongful convictions often come after rightful ones," I laughed out loud at the last sentence of Blow's column. I have never thought of Blow as naive before, so this was a new experience for me. Blow argues that many of the individuals recently exonerated had prior convictions that made them suspicious, and these prior convictions (and suspicions) did not help their cases. It is equally likely that our criminal justice system is simply not race-neutral, and these men may have been wrongly incarcerated even if they had no prior convictions. In The New Jim Crow, Michelle Alexander describes a criminal justice system that manages to "round up, arrest, and imprison an extraordinary number of black and brown men, when people of color are actually no more likely to be guilty ... than whites". Our justice system needs repair. We should take to task a justice system responsible for creating, according to Alexander, a "caste system ... that locks a large percentage of the African-American community out of the mainstream society and economy." What needs are served when people of color are barred from participation in society for having committed crimes that merited a slap on the wrist for another group?No loan is that good  "Ballooning loan cost startles couple," I guess the Seizers were only looking at two numbers: the $217 per month and the check for $209,000. None of the other numbers compute. I guess Jethro Bodine did the ciphering. Everyone knows that 2 percent is a teaser rate. I guess they didn't read the contract they signed. Not good business for a couple that is paying taxes on a $620,000 assessment but won't sell for less than $1.2 million. If the house were worth anywhere near $1.2 million, they could get a mortgage for less than the 6.9 percent they are paying now.More drops in the bucket for South Dallas "An overflowing bucket list -- Depopulating neighborhoods by demolition a hollow fix, says Tod Robberson," As Robberson noted, at Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity we tend to see potential and promise in South Dallas neighborhoods where other homebuilders see a big headache. We also see promise in Mayor Mike Rawlings' GrowSouth call to action. With executive leadership that makes tearing down blight and building up healthy neighborhoods a top priority, our mission is more socially, politically and philanthropically relevant than ever. He's right about the importance of home ownership, neighborhood associations and having a culture of clean in making South Dallas a viable investment opportunity. This month, 135 Habitat AmeriCorps members, people from all across the U.S., will descend on South Dallas' Bonton neighborhood to help build 11 new Dallas Habitat homes. Seeing these volunteers work for our city -- some of whom have never set foot in Texas, Dallas and especially not South Dallas where even most Dallasites haven't traveled -- can help all of us see potential and promise. And if you're looking for action, help Dallas Habitat tear down houses with "saddle-shaped, sagging roofs." Sponsor a neighborhood clean up. Build a home with us. GrowSouth will take a lot of drops in the bucket. Thanks to 135 volunteers from out of town, we're getting 11 big ones in May.Mitt Romney's a capitalist. Duh. I have seen several anti-Mitt Romney ads talking about his time in the private equity world. They show a carefully chosen person who used to work at one of the plants that was closed. He looks into the camera and says, "When Romney came in, he was here to make money." It's probably good that TV is a one way medium so he can't hear millions of Americans answer, "Well, DUH!" As president, Mitt Romney will have different goals and, hopefully, will be successful restarting the economy and getting the 45 million unemployed Americans back to work at decent jobs.Ted Cruz has courage our recommendation of David Dewhurst for U.S. Senate was a big swing and whiff. At a time when our country faces severe problems regarding budget issues, immigration policies and foreign affairs, you selected the candidate least likely to stand on principle. You claim he is "a policymaker at heart with a passion for detail." but fail to mention how he moved the pay dates for some major expenditures by one day, thereby letting future legislators deal with it. Kicking the can down the road is not leadership; it's the same sickness we currently have in D.C. Another example of Dewhurst's poor leadership: Despite the fact Texans voted clear and overwhelming Republican majorities to both state houses, he installed a Democratic chairman on a committee that ultimately killed immigration reform. The country is about to head off a financial cliff, and you have selected a driver that will reach across the aisle just as we hit thin air. Texans deserve someone with the common sense to hit the brakes and the courage to do what it takes to turn us around. Choose Ted Cruz!Senate sarcasm alert It's hard to believe how low the Texas Senate candidates have descended in their name-calling and finger-pointing. Just about the time you think the mud slinging can't get any worse, Ted Cruz described former Dallas Mayor Tom Leppert as "a moderate and compromiser." Let's hope this is the end of the rhetoric. It would be terrible to see this slugfest continue descending to the point where candidates start accusing one another of being decent, having a heart, or even worse, wanting to fairly represent their constituents.There are other parking options for the Dallas Arboretum  "A Crisis in Full Bloom -- Dallas Arboretum has growing parking problem,"  Other parking options Your editorial on the Dallas Arboretum parking problem was disappointing. Your analysis should be based on the number of parking places required by the Arboretum, not on the number of people who visit, as many of the guests arrive in buses. I have been a member of the Arboretum for 10 years and visit about four times a month. I have always parked onsite. So my conclusion is that the Arboretum only occasionally requires offsite parking. The Arboretum could do many things to improve the situation. Install bike racks at the entrance and advertise this free parking. Extend the sidewalk from the exit to the entrance of the Arboretum on Garland Road to encourage guests to walk or ride bikes. Open the Camp House parking to Arboretum guests unless a private event requires restricted parking. Open the new employee parking lot to guests after 11 a.m. each day. Partner with DART to provide extra service to the Arboretum. Build a parking garage on Arboretum property. The Arboretum must not encroach on the property around the lake, the true jewel of the City.Missing the point Your recent editorial about the Arboretum's plans concerning parking miss the mark. You write: "There are more than 300 acres of grassland around the lake, and it is unreasonable to expect every blade to be protected in perpetuity given the urban nature of this public park." The point is not protecting every blade of grass, it's protecting these blades of grass. This is one of the most scenic spots in North Texas. I've sat on that hill, watching pelicans skim the surface of the lake with the backdrop of the Dallas skyline. Under no circumstances should this be used for parking. All of this will go away when the city sets aside this land in perpetuity. It's the right thing to do.Gay marriage is not a church issue There is one rather large point in the debate about gay marriage that seems to have been mostly overlooked. And that point is that, thankfully, we have separation of church and state in this country. A same-sex marriage in states where it allowed is nothing more than a contract between two people conferring certain rights and responsibilities. These marriages have nothing to do with a church unless the same-sex couple seeks out one that recognizes the marriage. The Roman Catholic Church nor any other church is in no way forced or required to recognize these marriages. Likewise, based on the same separation of church and state, the church has no authority or right whatever to impose their definition of marriage on anyone except their own faithful. For those who believe that God ordained marriage to be between a man and woman, there is absolutely nothing about same-sex marriage that forces them to change their mind. Our Founding Fathers knew what they were doing.Yes, it's the economy all right There is an endless stream of anybody-but-Obama conservatives saying the real issue (other than who marries whom) is the economy and that's what we should be talking about. OK, let's talk about the role of banks running hog-wild through this nation's economy in how we got to this place. Let's talk about JPMorgan Chase as the reputed best of the lot and its efforts to further deregulation. Let's talk about the role George W. Bush and Dick Cheney played in getting us to this place. Let's talk about increasing student loan rates and Congress slashing everything but loopholes for the rich. Let's talk about the incessant truculent whining of the super-wealthy and their hunger to have more, more, more while the middle and working classes do the real work and pay a disproportionate share of taxes. Yes, let's talk about the economy.And now for a limerick Is it pension-fund-manager hookey or funding assessed by a rookie causing schools to despise the fools who advise on funds they invest with a bookie?No Big Brother with the Tea Party A Federal judge on Wednesday wisely struck down a portion of the National Defense Authorization Act that would have given the government wide powers to detain without trial any citizen who engaged in political speech with views that "may be extreme and unpopular as measured against views of an average individual." That reads like a passage from Animal Farm. President Obama signed the bill into law last December. The fact that this Big Brother bill was passed by a GOP-controlled House and a Democrat-controlled Senate reveals the current disrespect Congress has towards our Constitutional rights. President Obama's signature on this bill also reveals the sinister nature of his ideology and the rot in Congress. Americans need to vote them all out. Let's get America back on the right track with the Tea Party.An AA-US Airways merger is important for all of D-FW From the first word of American Airlines' filing for bankruptcy, most Texans have agreed that keeping it headquartered in D-FW and saving Texas jobs are top priorities. Fortunately for us, there are increasing signs that such a plan is eminently doable. To turn itself around, AA has said it will need to shed about 14,000 employees -- and until recently, this future seemed inevitable. But now, with the opportunity for a merger to build a stronger D-FW based AA, thousands of these jobs can be saved. It's not surprising that the Allied Pilots Association, the Association of Professional Flight Attendants and the Transport Workers Union support AA entering into merger talks. This is an important step in the right direction for our community. Fortunately for Texas, US Airways has promised that the merged airline will be known as American Airlines and remain headquartered at CentrePort. Beyond a matter of pride, preserving AA's headquarters is essential to our state's economy and to the North Texas residents and businesses that benefit from travel in and out of D-FW.It's a bleak future with parenting like this "Boys had sex club, lawyer says -- Teen: Girls not drugged, activities consensual," During his testimony, Darius McClinton-Hunter's father, Los Angeles Angels outfielder Torii Hunter, implied that a lack of discipline at Prosper High school was related to the charges. Here we go -- another parent thinking the school district should raise his kid. How about being involved in what your kid is doing, not making excuses for not being there? Teaching your child the difference between right and wrong is a parent's job; new cars and pockets full of money teach your kid nothing. Wake up, people. These kids are our future, and it's looking pretty bleak.Oh, so now the deficit matters  "Obama acting fiscally Greek" Following the well-worn Republican mantra, Rhodes blames President Obama and Democrats for all of the deficit, ignoring the fact that G.W. Bush ballooned the deficit with two unpaid-for wars, more tax cuts for the wealthy in wartime, an unpaid-for prescription drug program, a meltdown of the deregulated Wall Street casino and Bush's unconditional bank bailouts. Many Democrats share the blame for going along with these Republican policies. But suggesting that the entire deficit is Obama's fault is beyond ridiculous. His policies prevented another Great Depression. Republicans didn't complain about deficits when Bush was in office (Cheney: "Deficits don't matter.") But the minute President Obama was elected, they suddenly cared about deficits. Democrats have offered to compromise by offering program cuts as well as raising revenue by closing loopholes, ending subsidies to profitable corporations and letting the Bush tax cuts expire. But Republicans have abandoned the concept of compromise and will only consider program cuts. Their approach to governing has been "Our way or no way."Environmental case on drilling is strong  "Council's big question on drilling: Is it safe? -- Task force reports on findings; Rawlings wants sessions to hear from environmentalists, industry," I thought the task force did a good job briefing the council on its findings and recommendations. I attended numerous meetings held by environmentalists prior to Wednesday's briefing and I found that they make a very strong case. The Dallas City Council has a unique opportunity to set high standards for gas drilling ordinances with strict independent oversight and accountability by the companies who wish to mine our limited natural resources. If the new ordinances prove too strong and the drilling companies refuse to play nice, then so be it -- let them mine elsewhere.As a cyclist, do you want to be right or alive?  100,000-bike ride shows cycling's rise on cars' turf -- Network of paths, lanes grows as 2-wheeling enters the mainstream,"  Speaking as a cyclist, I realize that we have the legal right to ride on city streets. But really, can we safely ride on four- and six-lane streets during busy hours? I see it on Abrams Road and Skillman Street, and I wonder if cyclists do indeed have a death wish. I know our lane is our "right of way." But as my Dad said one day to his teenage son, who exclaimed, "I have the right of way: -- "The graveyard is full of folks who had the right of way."N.J. mayor Cory Booker is an Obama puppet "Democrat faults Obama camp's ads -- N.J. mayor says digs at Romney, Bain Capital part of ridiculous trend,"  Newark mayor Cory Booker's step back from his comments on Meet the Press was a step back in courage and showed the power of the Obama campaign's machine to censor their surrogates. Booker's unfortunate waffle will taint him as more of a politician than a statesman and will undercut his influence and voice on the larger stage. It was obvious and expected that Booker would be a strong supporter of President Obama, but it was not obvious and expected that he would also be a puppet.Readers share views on lowering of bail for Darius Ewing, accused of setting puppy on fire  "Bail cut for suspect in dog's death -- Hearing exposes racial divide over handling of animal cruelty case,"  Bail is too low This article has revealed one glaring issue with our justice system. If the $50,000 to $100,000 bail for Darius Ewing, who set fire to a puppy just to watch it die, is higher than the typical bail for "heinous crimes against humans such as rape and murder," then the bail being set for all heinous crimes is far too low. Ewing, in my opinion, needs to spend some time in jail for his part in killing the puppy. This is not a civil rights issue. There are no racial issues here, and to counter Rebecca Williams, he is not a "boy" and he is not the victim. He is an adult male who allegedly helped burn a puppy to death. And yes, Ms. Williams, that puppy is more important than Ewing's life because the puppy has inspired, in many people, unity, love, concern, tenderness, sympathy, joy, deep sorrow, gentleness, generosity and a profound sense of every creature's vulnerability and meaningfulness. If Ewing is able to develop into a man who can inspire these same responses in his fellow human beings, his life will then be as important as that of Justice.The race card? Really? Please help me understand on what planet Jim Crow laws have anything to do with the brutal torture of an animal. What if it had been a helpless baby? Jim Crow still applicable? This isn't about race. It's about humanity!Dog torture is newsworthy I was appalled at the comments of Rebecca Williams, a member of Justice Seekers of Texas, in regards to the hearing for the accused in the killing of Justice. ("There's a murder case upstairs with one camera and 10 cameras down here about a dog.") Apparently Williams doesn't own a dog, or she would know firsthand why so much attention is being paid to this case. And must we always bring civil rights into the equation? It doesn't matter what race the person is, it's the cruelty of the crime that justifies the high bail. Do you really want this person back out on the street? Apparently Williams does.All benefit from student loans  "Lightening the load -- Fuss over student loan subsidy is insidious sham, George Will says," Conservative columnist George Will has taken up the latest right wing rant: Low interest federal student loans are a sham perpetrated on working families while middle-class students benefit undeservedly. Higher educational inflation is greater than medical inflation. When I graduated medical school in 1969, the interest on my education loans did not start until I completed my residency training. This meant at a rate of 4 percent, I paid $50 a month for 10 years for college and medical school. I would say the taxpayers and I got a great deal. I took care of many uninsured and underinsured patients during my career. Properly used, federal subsidized loans for higher education are one of the best government programs we have and represent an investment in the future. Shame on those who oppose one of the best tools society has for creating greater opportunity.Are the gains of fracking really worth the costs? "Council's big question on drilling: Is it safe? -- Task force reports on findings; Rawlings wants sessions to hear from environmentalists, industry," Be prepared for drilling Hydraulic fracturing gas drilling will begin soon in Dallas. The record for this drilling technology has included problems with methane pollution of water wells and elevated levels of air pollution in neighborhoods adjacent to the drilling. Dallas needs to learn from the experiences of people in Fort Worth and other cities where fracking has been allowed and proceed with caution. The proposed ordinance to allow fracking in the city limits should include the following: a minimum buffer zone of 1,000 to 3,000 feet between fracking wells or compressor stations and homes, schools and workplaces; a prohibition on drilling inside publicly owned park lands or inside the Trinity River flood plain; and, due to the potential for fracking to release hazardous materials to the air or groundwater, Dallas must establish environmental staff positions, funded with permit fees on the industry, to monitor and collect samples of air in the areas adjacent to the drilling rigs and gas compressors and of groundwater from nearby wells. Natural gas drilling is a heavy industrial activity with many potential negative consequences to our quality of life. The City Council needs to treat it accordingly and pass a new ordinance that will result in responsible drilling operations. Gas just not worth it Why would Dallas endanger the quality of life where millions live while scientific issues regarding drilling and resulting environmental safety are still developing? Why rush to drill when gas is so cheap and the risk to our city is more unknown and potentially deadly? Time may clear up all these issues. Gas prices will go up, and the right to drill will therefore be more valuable. Questions regarding safety will be better resolved over time. Now is not the time!No noise enforcement for White Rock Lake, Arboretum events "Ice Cream Scream -- Enforce law banning vendors' loudspeaker music," Bravo for your heroic stand on ice cream vendors and the demand for enforcement of the laws. Small problem. The city has standard automatic waivers of noise laws for events at White Rock Lake and the Dallas Arboretum. I live over 3,000 feet from the arboretum concert area, for example, and I can often tell whether the Thursday evening concert is Abba or the Beatles just by opening my front door. After a particularly noxious half-marathon in January at Winfrey Point, I learned through open records that the city had no records relating to enforcement of the event contract rule that states, "Noise generated by the event does not extend beyond the park boundaries." The event had off-duty uniformed police in attendance within feet of the blaring speakers, but these officers do not enforce ordinances, and I am told code enforcement has a standing hands-off order for events at White Rock Lake. I strongly encourage The Morning News to jump into the White Rock Lake noise situation in the Winfrey Point and Bath House area. As a judge once told me, "What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander."On gay marriage: Stop living in the Old Testament No science for anti-gay stance  "Gay marriage is a disorder,"  Stengel's claim that marriage is biologically based is simply wrong. If he is correct, why do childless couples and couples marrying late in life get the benefits of marriage? Marriage is a cultural construct to recognize a special relationship between lovers. Its primary purpose is to protect that special relationship from possible harmful intrusions that could threaten the relationship. That is why state recognition of marriage is built upon laws protecting that relationship such as joint property laws, the right to guide health care and financial decisions for each other, inheritance laws, and income taxes structured to recognize the relationship. These benefits are granted regardless whether children are involved. In truth, gay marriage hardly precludes children. Further, no scientific evidences has been found to show gay mothers and fathers are less capable or that families formed through gay marriage harm children in that marriage. Likewise the belief that gay marriage disparages other marriages has no basis in scientific fact.Darwinian defense of bigotry Eric Stengel takes Steve Blow's assertions on gay marriage in a most unique way, using Darwinism to defend religious bigotry. Yes, by the strict laws of natural selection, gay marriage does noting to propagate the species and should die a natural death. Luckily, as sentient beings, we do have the ability in some instances to combat the natural order of things that would lead to extinction as a species. We no longer need follow outdated dogma that stems from the silliness of the Old Testament. No need to toss a Jezebel out the window to be trampled and eaten by dogs. No reason for a modern day Lot to offer up his virgin daughters for a ribald night to keep away pesky sodomites. No need to stone people, burn witches, etc. All those folks can be put to better use propagating the species.Tea party ideas all blocked by Democratic side of the aisle "Brew Some Solutions -- To thrive, tea party must do more than cite problems," I chuckled when I read your editorial about the tea party needing to come up with some ideas, instead of just citing problems. I figured you guys probably just forgot about the numerous jobs bills, spending cuts bills and budget bills collecting dust on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's desk. You know, the bills that he won't even let come up for votes. You know, the same Democrat-controlled Senate that hasn't produced a budget in three and a half years. It's pretty hard to put your ideas into action when the Democratic side of the aisle won't even read your bills, much less try to compromise on them. Just like you guys said about the tea party, I am waiting for the Obama administration to evolve beyond identifying problems and begin offering realistic solutions, instead of just class warfare and divisive rhetoric. I certainly wish The Dallas Morning News would hold the Obama administration as accountable as you do the fledgling Tea Party.Dewhurst's a no-show candidate I'm trying to understand your recommendation of David Dewhurst. He's rarely shown up to any of the Senate forums in the last year. He was a "No Show" to your editorial board interview. Dewhurst was another "No Show" to WFAA's Inside Politics last Sunday morning. And in spite of the fact that he has not engaged Texans over the last 12 months, other than in TV ads, your newspaper recommended him? Little did I know that the secret to winning a recommendation is to be the "No Show" candidate. I want my senator in the trenches every day fixing this economy and putting us back on a path to prosperity. I want the guy who is showing up at every opportunity to talk face to face about solutions to repair this economy. My support and my vote is for Tom Leppert, the one man who will show up on the first day he's senator, roll up his sleeves, and say "Let's get to work!"Jerry Jones couldn't do Dallas "Miller's folly still hurts," I doubt very seriously the Fair Park area was ever a serious consideration when it was announced as a possible site for the new "Jerry World Stadium." Given the size and scope of what is now Cowboys Stadium in Arlington and the amount of land required for parking and accessibility, Fair Park would've never worked. Had this site been selected, instead of seeing hundreds of games, we would've seen hundreds of lawsuits for all the homes and businesses that would've been lost. It was difficult enough in Arlington.Teach kids to run away?  "Demand more from, for our kids -- What worked for so long in the classroom has been discarded, says Jill Shafer," While Shafer provided sound advice on many fronts, demanding that a child be taken out of a class where the teacher is not perceived to be serving your child's needs does not serve the best interests of the child. All that does is teach the child to run away from situations that may not be to their liking. I have seen parents do this in elementary school, and those same children now in middle school are problem kids. I have never pulled my child from a class. When she comes home and tells me that she is not connecting with a teacher, I give her tips to handle the situation. She is now in the seventh grade, consistently gets A's and gets along with all her teachers. If we as parents teach our kids to run from situations that are not to their liking, then how will our children act when they are adults?A more thoughtful approach on military intervention  "Preparing for the next war -- It's imperative that the U.S. use the lessons of Iraq and Afghanistan to develop a new, more feasible doctrine for military interventions, say Douglas A. Ollivant and Radha Iyengar," It's a nice change to read such a well thought out suggestion for military policy -- as opposed to the reactionary, seat-of-you-pants thought process that got us into our most recent conflicts. It would truly be nice to see as much thought go into ways we could wean ourselves from our war-driven economy and focus on more productive interventions in the world.Tom Leppert is a no-drama candidate Each candidate in the Texas Republican Senate race -- Lt. governor David Dewhurst, Ted Cruz, Craig James and former Dallas mayor Tom Leppert -- has his qualities. Dewhurst knows his way around creating, compromising and passing legislation. Cruz is a brilliant attorney who can review legislation and see if it is legal and workable. James has a telegenic face and could be an-oft quoted senator on TV. Leppert will do all of these things and more. As a former mayor, he knows the ins and outs of bureaucrats and lobbyists. His staff can articulate and draft legislation, bring it to the floor for review, debate and vote. He knows the needs of fellow Texans, having spent well over a year campaigning. He is a business mind who knows that private enterprise will translate into jobs, a bustling economy and a lowering of our federal debt. He will be a leader in the Senate, and will be no patsy for high-drama fights on spending and divisive legislation. Tom Leppert has my vote for senator of Texas.It's not the Catholic church vs. Girl Scouts Contrary to recent reports, the shepherds of the Catholic church -- the United States bishops -- are not targeting the Girl Scouts or indicting the organization's laudable purpose to build "girls of courage, confidence, and character." Rather, the bishops are responding to repeated concerns raised by local church leaders and members about the means by which that purpose is being implemented. Specifically, the church is inquiring about reports of the Girl Scouts' relationship with organizations and distribution of materials that conflict with church teachings. If the church is to continue to welcome the Girl Scouts to meet in its parishes and recommend the organization to Catholic families, these questions should be resolved. Granted, the Catholic church cannot, and is not seeking to, control the Girl Scouts. The church can and should, however, ensure that any organization it supports or sponsors is consistent with the Catholic tenets. As a Catholic and a former Girl Scout, I appreciate my church's vigilance and responsiveness to the concerns of its faithful.The sex assault signs were obvious "60 years for ex-priest in slaying plot -- He tried to hire man to kill boy who made sex assault accusations," How did the parents of the teenage boy who was raped and molested by priest John Fiala not see the plethora of red flags? Expensive gifts to a teenage boy from a priest should have been more than enough for anyone to investigate the situation, not to mention the fact the teenager was allowed to spend the night in a hotel with the man. Given the reputation some priests have with young boys, this could and should have been prevented. My heart goes out to the victim. His life will be changed forever.Incentives built New York's Tech Valley workforce "Austerity talk should scare voters -- How can candidates brag about school layoffs, cuts? G. Scott Coleman asks," Coleman should stick with teaching. He specifically mentions GlobalFoundries, a business that elected to build in New York over Texas, due in part to a concern over "a better educated workforce." The New York state grant and incentive package was the key factor in building the company's factory. Additionally, that "better educated" workforce is specifically located in Saratoga County because it's part of New York's Tech Valley, where nanotechnology companies and suppliers are locating. The "educated workforce" exists because of the infrastructure designed by the state, not due to the public school system. New York state has already given more than $665 million in cash and tax savings. They granted property assessment reductions, which mean less money for the local school district. They also granted sales tax breaks, which mean less money for local municipalities. Tell me again how they built in New York because of the educated workforce instead of the millions in savings and tax breaks. And tell me how those huge tax savings don't contribute to the very core of your article. Wouldn't those savings cut revenue opportunities from the school districts and continue the same downward spiral of layoffs that are your concern?An ice cream truck with better taste in music  "Ice cream scream -- Enforce law banning vendors' loudspeaker music," I'm generally in favor of noise abatement, but I have to think about an ice cream vendor who comes through my Richardson neighborhood occasionally, playing the music of Patsy Cline. I don't know what the kids think of it, but I welcome it as a brief interruption of our normal neighborhood sounds of barking dogs.NAACP is abandoning morals "Bold move has NAACP relevant again -- Group undeniably links battle for gay rights to blacks' civil rights struggle, says Eugene Robinson," The NAACP has abandoned black culture, passing a resolution endorsing gay marriage. This coming shortly after Obama did likewise. Is the NAACP abandoning its black culture of deep moral conviction from the teachings of the church to support a president who happens to look like them? Would they have taken the same position had president Bush or Clinton endorsed gay marriage? I think not. The NAACP has embarrassed itself many times in the past. It now has shown it lacks the courage to put moral values and conviction above politics.Are we helping the poor? Every society has a responsibility to care for its indigent. It says it all over the Bible; I'm sure it says it in the Hebrew Scriptures and in the Koran. As a lector in my local parish, I distinctly remember reading a passage from Acts. To paraphrase in today's vernacular, the disciples went to Peter and said, "Look, Pete, we're out here doing the Lord's work and our widows and orphans are not being taken care of. This can't continue." So Peter looked around, put his eye on a man and said, "You, gather 12 and get this under control." We are not doing that. Clearly, our "orphans" are not being cared for. Our elected leadership seems to have forgotten that a society is judged not on the greatness of its leaders, the riches it acquires or the cities it builds, but on how it treats its most vulnerable members.Marathon name change is SO Dallas  "Organizers run with new name -- December marathon elevates city over lake to put race on national map," But new is better. Right? The White Rock Marathon was established in 1971. The Dallas Marathon was established, oh ... about 10 minutes ago.Such 'Blue Meanies' about events "No noise enforcement," As a regular White Rock Lake runner who enjoys the summer concert sounds, I was miffed by Barker's comparison of Beatles music to ice cream vendor noise and by his expressed desire to stamp it out. To paraphrase John Lennon, Blue Meanies have been sighted within the vicinity of this lake. The annual Texas Half Marathon, which he also complained about, has decided to move from Winfrey Point to Irving in 2013, partly because of problems created by anti-parking and anti-noise zealots. Dallas loses thousands of dollars in business and city fees that help maintain the park these people claim to care for.Lake events a bother Now if we can just get the rest of the "Run for (your disease)"s away from White Rock. Let another part of town be inconvenienced.Readers weigh on on Facebook and its profit challenge "Facebook's profit challenge -- Wall St. demands will continue to poke firm," Wrong social media questions Having read an article earlier this week on the corrupting force of Google and Facebook scientists who are disinclined to reveal data, which is a standard for peer-reviewed work, the editorial seemed one-dimensional. It may be of more interest to ask why a "free" service like Facebook is capable of making Mark Zuckerberg a billionaire in the first place, which might answer the question as to why scientists are modifying practices in the social sciences. Facebook is a massive aggregator of public and private information, connecting informational interstices in ways that other online media mechanisms can't reach. That information is then bought and sold many times over. We've always know to some degree none of what entertains or informs us is really free, but in the past, with radio and TV, we were assured a delineated division between marketing and sought-out content. Facebook is not just a feel-good exchange of electrons connecting us with those we love. It's an ever-expanding data set of interest and monetary worth to many unseen entities.A Facebook takeover "Some people don't actually like Facebook -- 2 out of 5 American adults haven't joined, and attracting them could prove crucial to IPO's success," Sunday Business story. I am one of those who, for a variety of reasons, have chosen to say no to Facebook. It was with great interest that I read your article, and I was struck by the irony. I get as much benefit from reading the online comments of other readers as I do from the articles themselves. On occasion, I would contribute my own thoughts on topics of interest. But I have been shut out of that interactive aspect of my relationship with The Dallas Morning News. Why? Because comments can now only be posted and read on dallasnews.com with a Facebook account. I guess The News is not interested in those of us who have said "no, thanks" to Facebook.Life is plenty social without it As a member of Tom Brokaw's "Greatest Generation," I am totally perplexed about the 900 million-member "Facebook generation" -- whatever that is. But even someone named MaLi Arwood, 47, in the news story said, "I'm absolutely in touch with everyone in my life that I want to be in touch with. I don't need to share triviality with someone I might have known for six months 12 years ago." Somehow I've lived through the Great Depression, World War II as an infantry combat veteran, a 1949 G.I. Bill college graduate of UCLA, a successful entrepreneur, a husband of 65 years with successful kids and family, old friends, new friends and endearments, all without social networking. Maybe I'm missing something? I don't think so.There shouldn't be a shortage of doctors  "Study: Area has doctor shortage -- Analysis cites booming population suffering from chronic diseases," There just can't be a shortage of doctors in the Metroplex because a decade ago, proponents of Texas tort reform assured us that if we adopted it, doctors would flock to our state for the lower malpractice insurance premium rates. Those rates have fallen. At the same time, our own health insurance rates were supposed to fall because of tort reform. That didn't happen. So what have we got now? A very difficult time finding a primary care doctor who is taking new patients. And the real icing on the cupcake is that if your doctor removes the wrong kidney, your pain and suffering is only worth $250,000, tops. Note to Texans: Next time you vote on a state constitutional amendment, know that those hyping it might have a lot to gain from your vote -- at your expense.The Billboards: It's music, not theater I tuned in to watch the Billboard Music Awards on Sunday night hoping to hear and see some quality music and entertainers. Once again, I was totally disappointed in the quality of music and performers, from Katy Perry hanging from a rafter by a silk scarf to Carrie Underwood singing in front of 50 window fans to Usher putting on what used to be called a carnival act. If you have a quality song, just sing it. Give Barbra Streisand and Tony Bennett a mike and listen to a great song. There won't be any half-naked women doing somersaults and making obscene hip gestures. Ever see 20 or 30 gymnasts swinging through the air behind Elvis? No. He didn't need that kind of help performing his songs. The performers on the Billboards covered up bad songs with theatrics, and they tried to cover up their lack of quality with magic and illusions. I don't care if it's hip-hop, rock, country or pop, if you have good music, grab a mike and just perform the song. If you don't, start a circus act and leave the music to real entertainers.Readers share thoughts on fiction and suggest summer reads In the near future I recommend 2030 by Albert Brooks for a good summer read. It explores what happens if people live longer and our government continues to spend far beyond its means. I belong to a book club and we try to balance our monthly picks between fiction and nonfiction. I read fiction to travel to other times and places. Since I enjoy history, I really like historical murder mysteries by Lindsey Davis and Steven Saylor. You get a chance to solve a crime while exploring Roman history.A doctor searches for truth Téa Obreht's remarkable first novel, The Tiger's Wife, is, on one level, the story of a young doctor's search for the truth behind her much-loved grandfather's death. But the implications of this search are fundamental to the way we make sense of life and death. A saga set in fictionalized province of the Balkans, the young author navigates family history, folklore and love across ethnic barriers in a war-torn country.Can't beat 'Hunger Games' Two of the most interesting and influential recent fictional characters are Harry Potter and Katniss Everdeen. Both of these were aimed at adolescent audiences, but proving that life is a constant journey, they have been popular with all ages. Harry Potter is an inspirational character who overcame childhood deprivation by focusing on high goals and values. He did not have to go it alone because supportive, loving, helpful people were put in his path along the way. It is a lesson to be learned if the reader sees himself as a Harry or a supporter. Either way, young people came away with the desire for a positive direction for their lives. The character of Katniss Everdeen of The Hunger Games illustrated that most of life's choices are not black or white but gray. Her struggle with wanting to do right and not always getting the choice of an absolute right choice is the dilemma that every thinking person encounters every day. Both of these characters caused imaginations to run wild, brought up more questions than they answered, promoted discussion and helped the reader know they should focus on the good and help support others to do the same.Good teachers, good fiction The most important thing that I can do as a teacher is to put good fiction into the hands of my students. Books, even those that are fantasies, help people to dream and visualize the world that we could and should have. I am especially excited when I can recommend a book such as Harry Potter or The Hunger Games to my girls -- they show strong female characters who triumph over evil.Illegal immigration, emotion Over the past year or so, I've discovered a lot of delight in reading the works of T.C. Boyle, whom many people have admired for a long time. I also discovered Robert Olmstead, who is a writer in the vein of Cormac McCarthy, only somewhat better, I think. These are popular writers, but I think they are a cut above. Boyle's Tortilla Curtain is a stunning work of contemporary issues dealing with illegal immigration in California, and it matches in quality much of his previous novels such as The Women. He's quite prolific, though, and even among his lesser efforts, I've found much to like. Olmstead's Coal Black Horse and Bright Shining Star intrigued me, both for their style and their candor about human emotions.Classics all the way There have been no recent works, in my opinion, that have been able to rival those magnificent life-influencing characters found in the fictional classics. As a sophomore and junior in high school over five decades ago, my life was greatly changed forever by the love of Eppie and her ability to restore life and love to Silas Marner, by Jane Eyre's moral convictions that superseded her own personal desires, by Hester Prynne's bravery and courage to daily face a cruel society in The Scarlet Letter, and by Sydney Carton's sacrificial life and love in A Tale of Two Cities. These are only a few of the fictional characters who have powerfully molded my life. My husband and I chose to name our own daughter Melanie, after the sweet, loving, forgiving fictional character in Gone With the Wind.'Bloody Jack' for all ages I recommend the Bloody Jack adventure series. It is written for middle-schoolers but it is great for adults too. The central character is a strong young woman who is smart, adventurous and entertaining.Despicable Texans Though not a fan of Pat Conroy, I found his novel South of Broad to be very intuitive concerning people's relationships. Conroy is a gifted writer and his characterizations portray love and loyalty beautifully in this book. Another book for summer reading that I would suggest is Garth Stein's The Art of Racing in the Rain. This wonderful novel is narrated by a dog and full of wisdom, humor, pathos and good life lessons. For a book on how not to live your life, I suggest Roses by Leila Meacham. It's a novel of three generations of Texans who are despicable characters, but I couldn't put it down. My very favorite summer read is Anne Morrow Lindbergh's Gift From the Sea, a delightful little book which puts life in perspective and helps one stay connected to our Maker. And any book by the late Elmer Kelton is a good read with good lessons anytime.Reading fiction beats TV One of the joys of my life is starting a new novel and becoming so totally caught up in the story I can't put it down and hoping all along it doesn't end too soon. That's the power of fiction. No other genre allows one to so thoroughly escape the everyday. It sure beats TV and there are no commercials. A couple of good summer reads: The Buddha in the Attic by Julie Otsuka and The Good Father by Noah Hawley.Try a historical novel I sincerely believe that everyone would learn more history by reading historical novels instead of history books. They are factual and an easier and more enjoyable to read than any history textbook or nonfiction work.Full summer list Some of my favorite authors are Barbara Kingsolver, Elizabeth George, T.C. Boyle and P.D. James. I would recommend reading The Paris Wife by Paula McLain, or The Elegance of the Hedgehog by Muriel Barbery. I also really like In the Garden of Beasts, which reads like fiction but is about real people. Empire of the Summer Moon by S.C. Gwynne includes Texas history and I loved it.Doesn't matter -- just read Fiction or nonfiction, one thing's clear: Ray Bradbury's biggest fear is coming true. People don't read anything anymore; they don't really know how to read. Fiction, nonfiction, comics, prose, poetry -- read anything. Start reading everything. Turning away the printed word is slacking off your basic duty of common decency. Remember: Never, never read anything just at the surface. Literature is not about skimming the surface. There's no room for dog paddling if we want to avoid Bradbury's dystopia.Want to change the marathon? Kill those relays "Runners not ready to leave White Rock Marathon behind -- Officials say renaming iconic event necessary to attract more people," Name change? Kill the relays I agree that the Dallas White Rock Marathon should change its name. However, I think that the correct name change should be "Dallas Marathon Relays." I am a veteran of 20 marathons and I quit running this marathon years ago because the vast majority of the runners were on relay teams. This day should be dedicated to those of us who train to complete a marathon. There are numerous other races throughout the year designed to accommodate distances of 4 to 6 miles. If Dallas aspires to have a top-tier marathon, don't have five-person relay teams in the race. New York, Boston and others don't have them.New name a branding bust The Dallas Marathon? Really, I can see the motto now. "Run the Dallas" instead of "Run the Rock." Or even better, "Run the Metro PCS Dallas." Boy those are catchy. The breadth of branding options boggles the mind. I am pleased to see corporate sponsorship and applaud the idea of elevating the race to elite status. But please -- use some of the money to buy a clue.Catholic church should move into 21st century on birth control issue "Birth control lawsuits expand -- Dallas, FW dioceses join faith-based challenge to mandate," Choose: prevent or support I would love to see the organizations in this suit agree to support all children from unwanted pregnancies for 18 years. Health benefits should cover everything. If the choice is not to cover birth control, then the organizations' support of such children should be mandatory so that the children don't end up on public assistance.Don't be afraid of birth control I am so sick of the Catholic Church leaders (all male, of course) condemning the health care provision that company insurance should offer birth control coverage to those who want it. It is a personal option to use birth control. The Catholic Church always has fought vigorously anything that allows women to choose. What are they afraid of? Catholic priesthood -- take off your gilded robes; come into the 21st century. Spend lawsuit money on the poor, underfed and helpless.CEO, president not the same  "Latest flap shows risk of surrogates -- Democrat had blasted Obama's attacks on Romney's equity firm," This brouhaha over Bain vs. government seems that some people have forgotten their Civics 101 lessons. Corporations make stuff and perform services in order to generate wealth for their investors. Their managers are trained at balancing revenues and costs. The bottom line is their bottom line. Corporations were first created by governments back in the 16th century to do things that governments were not equipped to do. On the other hand, governments collect taxes and turn them into resources that increase the wealth of the nation as a whole. Governments do what corporations cannot do. Successful governments provide the means by which its citizens can enhance their personal wealth through the creation of a shared social and material infrastructure. A failed government may endure but only as a place of lawlessness and poverty. The skills associated with running a for-profit corporation and those demanded of a president are radically different both in their goal, scope and function. Suggesting that they are interchangeable because both deal with economics is to suggest that a mortician is qualified to do the job of a doctor because both deal with the human body.On the election year and politics right now Clinton should be VP "Time for a switch? -- Clinton as new VP pick could boost Obama campaign, says Mark Davis," Hillary Clinton as vice president? What an insult. She should be the Democratic presidential nominee. Her work as secretary of state has elevated not only her stature but also America's stature in the world. She has performed with intelligence, tenacity and dignity. It is time she is recognized for her outstanding leadership and strength. To me she is an under-appreciated source of power in this administration.Romney has Texas "Romney's been a stranger in these parts, Texans say -- He'll win the state primary, but some in GOP feel slighted," Thursday news story. I don't feel slighted one bit. Maybe he knows Texans are smart enough he doesn't need to visit. The article states he has made no overt effort to court Texas voters. Again, he might know we don't need courting. What Republican leaders in this state need to do is get out and stump for Romney whether he comes here or not. Texas GOP chairman Steve Munisteri said that it's "befuddling" Romney hasn't come here. OK. But while you are befuddled, get out and do your best to help change the situation in Washington, D.C.Clayton's clean election I'd like to complain about trash in my mailbox. Specifically, the ridiculous mailer I got from some shady outfit from Virginia calling itself "Friends United PAC." The piece trumps up false allegations that attempt to tie Taj Clayton to Republicans and the tea party in the Democratic primary for the 30th Congressional District. These people from Virginia sending out this mail clearly haven't spent much time in South Dallas County. This kind of political nonsense is the reason I'm supporting Taj Clayton. I'm tired of this kind of dirty politics, and I'm ready for a change.A mad moderate Thank you to the Republican Party. I got the message with your door fliers, mail, email and repeated phone calls which are basically "vote for me" and "send me money." What you have missed is that I am a Republican moderate. Basically, you are all good at talking the talk, but few of you walk the walk. As government officials, you receive free health coverage but you deny it to taxpayers. You receive full pensions even if you are voted out of office after one term. We don't get pensions. You vote on your own salary raises and benefits. Your foot is firmly planted on our back.Judges shape our lives Your coverage of the 2012 election is a reminder that in a matter of months, we will have the opportunity to cast a ballot to choose who Texas will send to serve in the U.S. Senate. A senator has many jobs. One is to advise and consent on the president's nominees to our federal courts -- the district, circuit and supreme courts. The decisions of these judges, who are appointed to lifetime seats, shape our lives every day. It's critically important as we move forward in this heated election season to ask the senate candidates whether they will allow the president's nominees to receive a full up-or-down vote, thereby ensuring a fair and fully staffed judiciary.No yearbook label was needed for the Mesquite High special needs students  "Yearbook modified over gaffe -- Special education students were referred to as 'mentally retarded,'" The attempt to include special education students in the Mesquite High School yearbook may have been seen as a sincere attempt at inclusion. But because of text that labels these children as mentally retarded, the school has ultimately created a yearbook without inclusion, as those pages are now being removed. Parents of special-needs children long for their children to be accepted and included in the usual activities of daily life, and attending school would certainly apply. Why the need to always separate and label? These children are simply "students."Preventative task force's recommendation on prostate screening is wrong "Panel: Skip routine prostate-cancer blood test -- Treatment often does more harm than good, federal task force says," PSA testing saved me My PSA test spiked last year. I had the biopsy, which was painless, and discovered that I had 12 out of 12 positive returns. This was followed by a bone scan and full body MRI to determine if the cancer had spread to other parts of my body. Fortunately, it determined my cancer was isolated to the prostate. The panel's comments listed only surgery as a method of treatment; that is false and was meant to scare men from having the PSA test. My doctor never mentioned surgery as the first course of treatment. My urologist started hormone treatment immediately, which will continue for a total of two years. Three months into my treatment, I had 44 radiation treatments over a two-month period. This treatment was also painless, with no side effects. Yes, I am impotent, but that will most likely reverse itself once treatment is over in June 2013. After nine months of treatment, my PSA is now 0.01. Prostate cancer is curable if found early and treated, and surgery is not the only method of treatment. I totally disagree with this panel's findings.Try hormones first Monday's conclusion by the U.S. Preventive Task Force to discontinue prostate cancer screenings must have been ghostwritten by the insurance industry. No one would dare tell women not to test for cancer, to leave it in their bodies because it's slow-growing, or say, "You'll die of something else first." But they're saying this to men. A suggested treatment: hormones. That's chemical castration, guys. Limits testosterone. What do I know? At 65, I had the PSA, and the biopsy. I had cancer. It was removed before it was palpable, could spread to surrounding tissue or go into bone. I am cancer-free now, seven years. I hope the panel's men don't ever have to personally find out what their "recommendation" was worth.Readers share why Memorial Day should mean more than a great sale meaning of Memorial Day As you shop for good deals on clothing and appliances this Memorial Day, please don't lose sight of the purpose of this holiday -- to remember those members of the Armed Forces who have paid the ultimate sacrifice. I encourage every American to pay their respect by going to a National Cemetery, to put faces to the Fallen Heroes' names (by going to several websites on the Internet) or by saying a prayer for a family that has lost a service member. One year ago, I was at Forward Operating Base Sharana in Afghanistan. On 5/30/11, we held a ceremony honoring PFC Anthony Nunn. He was 19 years old, born in Fort Worth, and served with 4th Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (TF Currahee). The silent gathering of military and civilians; the soft words of the chaplain as the processional passed; the back blast of the helicopters as they took off for Bagram Airfield; and the flares that were fired to defend from rocket attacks -- all sights, smells and sounds from that day that I'll remember forever but wish that I didn't have to. They didn't fight for sales Too many businesses are "celebrating" Memorial Day Weekend with all kinds of commercial activities, promotions, sales, etc. Anything to make an extra buck off, it seems. Memorial Day is similar to Veterans Day, in that it honors our veterans, the one difference being that Memorial Day honors those veterans who did not make it home. Where is the honor in exploiting Memorial Day by instead making it a day for going out and buying something on sale? Are you going to "celebrate" Memorial Day by going to a sale, or have you decided to observe it, in honor of its original purpose? Visit the DFW National Cemetery, display your American flag. Make the honorable decision.Three cheers to U.S. Armed Forces members, the Dallas Arboretum and Mario at Applebee's To those who served and lost their lives -- During Memorial Day, once called Decoration Day, we living honor Americans who gave their lives in U.S. military service to keep Americans free. They and their loved ones deserve our most respectful gratitude. Because of their sacrifice, Americans live in liberty and freedom. What are some of our freedoms? Just the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment provides freedom for Americans to attend the church of our choice; we can speak freely, read uncensored newspapers and organize to freely express political differences without government interference. These and more freedoms are all protected by U.S. Armed Forces, made up of brave Americans who willingly risk their lives so that all Americans can enjoy the blessings of Constitutions' freedoms and liberties. We respectfully say, "Thank you!" To the Dallas Arboretum -- We have been members of the Dallas Arboretum for many years and paid them many visits. But never before have we experienced such pleasure as we did recently when we went to see the Chihuly exhibit. The Arboretum is indeed a treasure of the city of Dallas. To produce this display must have taken a person with a vision, imagination and an artistic flair. Thank you ever so much.  To Mario at Applebee's -- For being there and being willing to give my 91-year-old father the Heimlich maneuver. You must have given him 15 to 20 thrusts, and you never gave up. This happened May 3 in Richardson at the Applebee's on Belt Line Road near Plano Road. The management gave Mario a certificate for a free meal, but Mario would not take anything from me or give me his name. I want you to know that my father is fine; no ribs were broken (or even cracked). Thank you!Cameras? How about seatbelts? "Stop, you're on bus camera -- Drivers who won't sit still for school bus face $300 tickets," If there is money to do this, what about funding for all school buses to have seat belts for all children? That's a safety issue, of course, but it would also keep the little darlings in their seats and stop the bullying.Golf course upgrade a downer for nearby homeowners  "Golf course update tees off homeowners -- Some residents of Chase Oaks fear injury from flying golf balls," Threat is real on golf course The lead picture for this article showed only one house where the Sahib family will be moving in this summer with their two young children. This family will not be able to play in their backyard due to the danger from golf balls off the new tee boxes on the Chase Oaks hole No. 8. The article's picture failed to show the other 24 homes with more than 90 people residing in them who are also in danger from personal injury or property damage. The city of Allen's current decision to not implement every available safety measure to make No. 8 as safe as possible for the homeowners living in this high risk "golf target zone" -- and also safer for the golfers playing this hole -- is very perplexing. The homeowners urge Allen to implement a safety plan for removing the unnecessary new back tee box, placing golf safety nets directly next to the tees, and shortening No. 8 to a much safer par-three design to prevent a very avoidable serious injury to any child playing in their back yard. And response is terrible Homeowners on what used to be the 17th hole are facing a safety crisis as the designers of the "improved" course fail to recognize the concerns of the homes along that hole. Safety is an issue, and some homeowners along this hole have already put nets up, which had to be grandfathered in since the "fence" codes in Plano do not allow more than an 8-foot fence.Aside from that, the course designers boast that they have planted many trees to alleviate homeowners concerns. However, in my case, they planted an oak tree very close to a beautiful vitex, and the oak is already intertwining with our tree. Our tree will eventually die. How can a renowned company be so indifferent to our concerns?It remains very frustrating that so many people appear to want to attract traffic, neither originating nor stopping in Dallas, through the center of our city. Why would The News support such traffic through the middle of Dallas only to leave noise, fumes, pollution and occasionally dead cattle? That's all a toll road would do. While increasing such traffic, the potential for a serene and quiet Trinity River Park would be destroyed. These public investments by Dallas should be for Dallas, not for the people driving through Dallas and not stopping.Why shield abusers with immigration status? "Bill omits immigrant abuse help -- House dilutes Violence Against Women Act, Bill Holston and Chris Mansour say," We can all agree that domestic violence is a bad thing. What we need to figure out now is whether we should use what tools we have to protect its victims. The Violence Against Women Act has traditionally been such a tool, but HR 4970 takes the teeth out of it. I am fortunate in that I can't imagine what it must be like to have my legal status in this country defend my abuser. However, not everyone is so lucky. Why should we place victims of abuse in the difficult situation of having to decide whether to report their abuse and risk deportation or to remain in the shadows and continue suffering?Take a deeper look at incarceration rates "Judge not on race and crime" Even though Blow prods his readers to "always ... see individuals, not groups," he suggests that a little bit of profiling is not only a good thing, but is also perfectly understood by rational people as a necessary evil. (And thank you, Mr. Blow, for revealing that you expect women to find you suspicious.) The reality is that blacks commit violent crimes against other blacks. Black on black crime does not erase the fact that, according to the Department of Justice, blacks are more often the victim of hate crimes. Black on black crime does not account for the increasing number of black men being incarcerated. Currently more are incarcerated than were held as slaves in the late 1800s. But, the DOJ also reports that whites kill whites, Asians kill Asians and Latinos kill Latinos at about the same rates as other groups. Indeed, black on black crime may reflect a biased justice system back at itself.Egypt election a proud moment "Whoever wins, Egypt is making history -- Chance to elect president after decades of dictatorship fills many with pride,"  Toward the end of this news story, a woman voter by name Iman Nabil was quoted as saying, "It's the first time since the pharaohs that we have been able to pick our leader. We are the first among Arabs to elect a president. Africa, the Middle East, Europe -- they are all impressed by what we are doing today." Americans should be, too. Is this election a victory for democracy? The answer is yes, no matter which candidate or which coalition comes out as a winner. Exactly 49 years ago, the Greek cargo ship named Helenic Destiny in which I was sailing on my way to New York was passing through the Suez Canal. I saw several women like Iman Nabil on sanded desert on both sides kneeling five times a day. Were they all praying for this historic day? Sure enough, there will be skepticism around the world about Muslim Brotherhood coming to power. Didn't they also worry about communists getting elected in Russia and Hamas coming to power in Gaza? Let's grow STEM talent here, not import it from abroad  "Keeping top talent -- Cornyn visa reform would compete for STEM grads," Friday Editorials. While I understand the need to ensure that the U.S. has top talent in the STEM disciplines (science, technology, engineering and math), why is the first approach always to import it from abroad? Should we not look at why many American children don't feel inclined to become mathematicians, scientists and engineers? As a country we have done a disappointing job of supporting secondary education for our best and brightest. Maybe we should focus on those in this country first versus always looking to others.Continuing ed on PTSD for healthcare workers "Winning the PTSD battle -- Putting the horrors of war behind you requires the courage to try, says Fred Minnick," I would like to thank The Dallas Morning News for the many stories about veterans on Memorial Day, including this article. Minnick poignantly describes his experiences working through post traumatic stress disorder. He also tells of the unfortunate aspect of military culture where seeking help is a sign of weakness. It takes courage and strength for our combat veterans to seek help, and we need to ensure that our civilian health care providers are equipped with the knowledge and resources to serve as an entry point to care. To better serve our combat veterans and service members, the Health Resources and Services Administration has partnered with the AHEC Training and Consultation Center to train 10,000 civilian health care providers across the U.S. Training will be offered in Dallas on June 16 at UT Southwestern Medical Center, which is providing continuing education for physicians and other health care providers. Nurses will receive continuing education through the College of Nursing at the University of Texas at Arlington. To learn more, visit acteva.com/go/ahec.Memory of Apollo 11 celebration at the Astrodome in 1969 "End times for Astrodome -- Houston should let 'Eighth Wonder' go in peace," As I was reading this editorial my thoughts returned to Aug. 16, 1969. A student at North Texas State University, I was home in League City for the summer and had a summer job at a library in Clear Lake City. Of course, that was also the summer of the Apollo moon landing. Aug. 16 was the date of the Apollo 11 Houston Astrodome Extravaganza Celebration, and one of my co-workers got tickets for us to go. It was so exciting to be there! Frank Sinatra was master of ceremonies and other entertainers included Dionne Warwick and Flip Wilson. But the highlight of the evening was seeing the Apollo 11 astronauts. I attended several Astros games in the Astrodome, but nothing could top that evening. I hate to think of Houston without the Astrodome, but those of us with good memories of it will always remember being there. And I will especially remember that night in 1969.NAACP was made for moments like the fight for marriage equality  "NAACP abandoning morals"  Made for moments like this Truskey writes that the NAACP "now has shown it lacks the courage to put moral values and conviction above politics." To the contrary, by passing a resolution endorsing gay marriage, the NAACP has unequivocally shown that it does have the courage to put moral values above political expediency. After all, moral values include acceptance of those different from oneself, whether color of skin, gender or sexual orientation. A gay person is who he is, he has no choice, and he cannot change that aspect of his being. Depriving one the right to legally commit himeself to another is certainly not a moral or a Christian value. All sanctimonious references to Leviticus and Paul's letter to the Romans aside, Jesus himself never admonished, criticized or even mentioned homosexuals. Ironic that Truskey asks "is the NAACP abandoning its black culture of deep moral conviction from the teachings of the church to support a president who happens to look like them?" Isn't that why the NAACP was formed, because of whites' lack of moral convictions about differences in skin color and not recognizing blacks' civil rights? Seems like the proper progression for the NAACP to take.Patios are not fair game for smokers "Smoke-free workplace law needed -- Business owners' rights should not override right to protect lungs, says Kenneth Cooper," Frequenting Starbucks is a weekend routine of outdoor relaxation on the patio, funneling down iced lattes, and rummaging through the newspaper -- at least until a waft of carcinogenic, cough-inducing air pollution wafts over from another patio table of smoking neighbors. I have confronted these "like it or move back inside" warriors for smokers' rights. On occasion, an "f-bomb" projectile launches out of a smoker's mouth as I point at the sign that states "smoking is prohibited." Customers should not be forced to confront these insolent, domineering code-breakers. Smokers have rights, but they should also have the courtesy to allow non-smokers the freedom and enjoyment of breathing cigarette free air anywhere in Dallas.Winfrey Point parking plan is win-win  "2010 email proposed Winfrey parking -- Arboretum president pitched plan to obtain land from city, enhance it, including allowing space for cars," As an Arboretum volunteer, I'm getting tired of all the vitriol and contempt coming from those opposed to proposed Arboretum parking at Winfrey Point. The email to the park board president Hal Barker "exposed" reveals that Mary Brinegar was seeking a parking remedy that would be a win-win for the Arboretum and Dallas area citizens. It even included a provision where the Arboretum would mow and maintain the area -- something cash-strapped Dallas has not been able to do. A parking lot with a well-managed landscape is a significant improvement over unmanaged land covered primarily with invasive weeds. Barker also suggests that every time the Arboretum has a glimmer of an idea about parking, a community meeting should be held even before the idea has been vetted with the parks department. I believe using Winfrey Point for Arboretum parking should still be pursued as it truly is a win-win solution.Joe Biden's speech at West Point was load of bull I just finished reading the speech that Vice President Joe Biden gave to the graduates at West Point on Saturday. What a load of bull that speech was! He said, "No one knows better than this audience that America's unique role in the world requires that we maintain the world's finest fighting force. That's a non-negotiable issue." My son-in-law, who is an active Naval officer, is nervously waiting to hear if he is going to be dismissed from the military. Why? Because the current administration has decided it is too expensive to keep people like him, who have 12 years or more in the military. They want to get rid of them so they do not have to pay them full pensions. My so-in-law is a third generation military man. He joined right of out high school, worked his tail off to get where he is now, and this is how his government treats him? He is one of the many men and women who have made this the "world's finest fighting force." Yeah right!How much does outside influence weigh on Syrian violence? We have our own problems "U.S. to press Putin to help oust Assad,"  Why is the U.S. fretting over the violence in Syria when thousands of innocent people are being murdered by drug cartels in Mexico? The Arabs should take care of their own problems and we should, too. U.N. condemnation is toothless "U.N. Security Council rebukes Syria," At last the U.N. has managed to pass a resolution condemning Syrian atrocities against its populace. I'm sure the Syrian regime is quaking in its collective boots at this stern rebuke from the world's largest gaggle of toothless tigers. The city of New York should pass its own resolution condemning the U.N. headquarters as a worthless use of waterfront property and take the buildings condo. At least the U.S. would get some rent money from a site now occupied by well-fed freeloaders.Readers tell us why the DMN leans too left ... and too right DMN leaning to the left Having watched the leftward drift of Jacquielynn Floyd, Steve Blow and your editorial page over the last few years, I studied your recommendations in the GOP primary. Wednesday morning, I compared your recommendations with the winners. I'm seeing that others are apparently using The News as I am -- as a guide who not to vote for. or not left enough? It looks like The News stayed with the Republican Party during its coverage of the primary elections. There was not one, but two articles about the runoff for a Republican senatorial candidate starting on the front page, jumping to page 17 and totaling approximately one full page. Then, like the cherry on the icing of the cake, there were photos of the two Republican runoff candidates featured on the editorial page. Does The News not know there are some Democratic readers out here who are just as interested in their primary as your Republican readers are in theirs? Or are those Democrats just not important enough to devote a couple of inches to report on the Democratic runoff?Don't saddle DISD super Mike Miles with race pressures  "Activist says DISD cabinet lacks diversity -- Callejo requests meeting with chief Miles after 4 of 7 named,"  Same old song, different verse. Superintendent Mike Miles is already fighting an uphill battle. Dallas Hispanic civil rights activist Adelfa Callejo asks, "How can Miles ignore 70 percent of the student population?" It is painfully clear that past attempts to diversify the DISD administration, based on the racial makeup of the district, have never lived up to expectations. Miles' selection process focuses on candidates' experience and skills, not their race or gender, and should not be questioned. Hopefully, Miles won't bow to Callejo's demands. If the Dallas Hispanic community is really serious about educating their children, let Miles do his job.Taking kids to the ballgame on school nights a parenting foul Watching Texas Rangers games this past week, I could not help but notice the number of school-age kids in attendance. These kids were at the games as late as 10 p.m. In case no one else knows, this is the week for final exams for most school districts in Texas. Unless these kids were exempt, they likely had a difficult task of taking exams the next day. I do not blame the kids, but the parents are obviously oblivious. This irresponsible act by the parents reminded me of Steve Blow's column about the retiring Lewisville teacher's advice to parents. As the teacher in Blow's column aptly put it, children are not supposed to be the parents' friends. Discipline starts with deciding what can be done and not done on school nights. Going to a Texas Ranger game with your school kids on the night before final exams is not exactly good parenting. I have been a Rangers fan for the 40 years they have been in Texas and used to treat my Little League team to Rangers games -- but never on school nights.No universal health care? Then no smoking "Smoke-free workplace law needed -- Business owners' rights should not override right to protect lungs, says Kenneth Cooper," I support Dr. Cooper in his opinion regarding a smoke-free Texas. In today's Texas economy, many people are forced to take jobs in establishments where smoking is permitted, and effects of secondhand smoke are well established. If the Republican legislature and Republicans in general are opposed to a universal health care law, then they should support better overall health for Texans.Fix the tax code, not tax preparers "IRS puts paid tax preparers to the test to vet competency" The IRS commissioner says that nine out of 10 taxpayers use a paid tax preparer or tax software to file their taxes. May I respectfully submit they are addressing the wrong problem? The real one is the code itself. It is over 16,000 pages long, and complex beyond interpretation. Special interest groups spend billions annually to influence politicians, who then pass laws creating tax loopholes limited to their benefactors. What we really need is a radical simplification of the tax code. It should be easy for ordinary people to understand, so they would not need to hire preparers. The focus should be to raise revenue, not to influence social policy. In the words of the immortal Alfred E. Neuman, "It takes more brains and effort to make out the income tax form than it does to make the income."D-FW Aiport International Terminal D is a flying circus Is D/FW Airport International Terminal D the worst place in the country to go through customs, or was it just the worst place to be at 5 p.m. last Saturday? We arrived from Italy through Madrid and stood in line, single-file, with six or seven more planeloads per one of seven agents at passport control. The line with no end finally snaked its way to four agents, three working and one reserved for crew and diplomats. There was also a guy yelling, "Go go go go go!" In baggage claim, there was one line winding through the whole area and you could not find the end of the line. I heard a lady wonder out loud, "I'm flying first class. Do you think they will hold the plane for me?" How many people missed their flights? Why am I thinking of driving an extra 100 miles just so I can fly out of Houston?Catholic lawsuit about freedom "Choose: prevent or support" by Linda Brown and "Don't be afraid of birth control" These letters concerning the Catholic Church's lawsuit exemplifies how little the American public understands this issue. Everyone needs to know that the Catholic Church has done nothing to start this controversy. It supported the health care bill and was assured by the Obama administration that the conscience clause would remain in effect. The public should also know that the lawsuit is strictly a freedom of religion question: Is it legal for the government to force an organization's hand on an activity that goes against its beliefs? This mandate tells Catholic organizations to either provide contraceptives, abortifacients, and sterilizations or the government will impose monetary penalties until they are forced to close their doors. This country was founded on the principle that we would always have religious freedom. This mandate takes it away.Taxes keep the military working "Biden's speech was load of hooey" Taxes support the military as well as other facets of our government. This president and vice president are working hard to stay within the amount of taxes paid by Americans, unlike the last administration. Americans who don't want to pay taxes elect people who want to cut taxes, especially on corporations and the wealthy. Joe Biden actually caught a lot of abuse from these kinds of people for saying that paying more taxes was patriotic. I think it is a good idea so that we don't have to, among other things, lay off those who want to serve our country. This same thing happened under Reagan when the anti-tax crowd gained. It is not Biden who should be blamed for Dominguez's son-in-law's predicament; it is all the voters who elect members of Congress and senators who say they won't raise taxes or will cut taxes that fund our country. Unfortunately, cutting taxes hits people like our service personnel, NASA programs, defense programs, schools, police and firemen, roads and bridges. You get what you vote for.Writer is a whiner without a cause "Ode to whining -- By complaining about problems, we can find solutions, and what's wrong with that? asks Mac McCann," McCann wishes to remind us that complaint can be a good thing. True enough. But for our approval, he shows a classmate exemplifying a clichéd narrative: student deems assignment to be unsatisfactory; student cleverly subverts assignment; and, for sheer chutzpah and ingenuity, student wins high distinction. (Cue close-up of teacher beaming with pride while peers cheer and music swells.) Encouraged by his teacher, McCann mistakes the worth of his friend's action. His friend didn't do the assignment: He spoke an ad-libbed, not memorized, speech. Assuming teachers should protect the point of their assignments, no grade denoting excellence was appropriate. If completely improvised, this oratory should've earned its orator an F. Rebellion for the sake of justice is good. Rebellion for the sake of expressing mild annoyance is stupidity. Thanks apparently to a teacher's thoughtless celebration of inestimable student self-expression, McCann has learned -- and his classmates have learned -- the ludicrous lesson that no assignment really matters so long as students do it their own way.Amtrak-Southwest cost comparison is unfair "Trains, planes and the case for capitalism" Once again Burns has used his column to rant about Amtrak and its cost to the taxpayer. He compares Amtrak and its cost per passenger mile with airlines' costs PPM, Southwest's in particular. Fair enough in a fair world, but Burns does not subscribe to a fair world. He conveniently eliminates the taxpayer cost of the freebies airlines receive in the form of airports (does any airline own its own airport?), air traffic control, TSA security and so on. In a fair world, all these costs would be added up and then Amtrak could be compared to the airlines. Since the advent of commercial airlines in the 1920's, the number of years the air industry has finished in the black can be counted on one hand. Lest you think I am a big fan of Amtrak, I'm not. But I have yet to see or hear of any legislator, Republican or Democrat, or any columnist come up with a viable way to run this country's passenger rail system.SMU crane fall: We didn't need to see that  "'I had no idea that it was my child up there' -- Mother watched police drama, later learned man who fell to death was her troubled son," Wednesday Metro story. I am shocked by the picture with this article of Lee Dell Thomas Jr. falling to his death. Was it really necessary to print that? Don't you know he has a mother who is grieving right now? I thought The Dallas Morning News was more responsible than that. Obviously, I was incorrect.President Obama doesn't get job creation "When an attack misfires -- Obama should listen to friends on Bain issue," The most disturbing aspect of President Obama's attacks on Bain Capital is that it displays his basic lack of understanding about the economy. His message now is that private equity firms are OK but that their purpose is to create wealth for their investors, not to create jobs. Exactly so -- but that's true of virtually all private sector businesses, large and small, that provide the vast majority of jobs in our economy. The creation of private sector jobs is a result of these businesses' pursuit of wealth creation. That's how free enterprise (capitalism) works. The role of government is not to create jobs but to create an environment within which the private sector can thrive at wealth creation and its byproduct, job creation. The U.S. has done this better than any society in history. We should be led by people who understand this.New Friends New Life helps erase sex trafficking scars  "Pimps' branding of girls reminds us they're victims -- States are taking on more aggressive role in stopping sex trafficking, says Nicholas Kristof," As I read Kristof's article about pimps branding "their girls" in New York, I wondered if readers were shocked. I was not, because I personally know one such woman here in Dallas whose story is the same. She was branded several years ago and when she broke free of her "owner," she applied a much larger tattoo on the brand to hide his name. What was striking to me about the article was the last paragraph that reveals what I have also observed: "Taz is emerging as a smart, ambitious girl with dazzling potential ... and when asked what she'd like to be when she grew up, she smiled a bit self-consciously and said she'd like to be a pediatrician." There is an organization in Dallas that sees such women as the victims they are and helps them to realize their dreams. New Friends New Life helped my friend to get her tattoos removed; she earned her GED and has a good job with an accountant -- one of many compelling stories of women who have dazzling potential. What if we looked at others through that lens?Homeless men should count, too  "Ups and downs of down and out -- Count finds sharp drop in chronically homeless, but more families on streets," In Randy Lee Loftis' article, I was struck by the line, "When all categories of homeless or at-risk people are included, 54 percent were women and children." While I acknowledge the need for special attention to homeless women and children, I believe that it is also important to acknowledge that the remaining 46 percent of homeless or at-risk people are adult males. However I am thankful that Dallas is making progress in addressing the problem and I expect that the mention of women and children in the article may prompt more support from concerned citizens.Church choices are protected by First Amemendment "Don't be afraid of birth control" In response to Pritchard's letter on Sunday, May 27. The Catholic Church's condemning parts of President Barack Obama's health care plan is not about birth control; there are plenty of low-cost options for birth control through other sources, and they are widely available. This is about the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ..." There are plenty of other faiths that allow birth control, female ministers and same-sex marriage. The Constitution says it's none of government's business. Leave us believers, including Catholics, alone.Jesus didn't mention homosexuality because it wasn't on his radar  "Made for moments like this" Dawson mentioned that Jesus did not admonish homosexuality in the New Testament, but what she fails to understand is that homosexuality was not a problem for the Jewish leaders Jesus was preaching against. Their main sin was hypocrisy. Paul, on the other hand, was preaching to a Gentile world where homosexuality was hurting not only the individual but also the society was a whole. That is why Paul wrote the letters to the churches he had started. Different audiences, so different sermon topics.With federal appeals court finding DOMA unconstitutional, gay marriage gains another hearing "Defense of Marriage Act biased, appeals court rules," Gay marriage gets a hearing A federal appeals court in Boston has found the Defense of Marriage Act, the law defining marriage as between a man and woman, unconstitutional, setting up the law to go before the Supreme Court. With public opinion turning toward favor of gay marriage, the issue of civil rights for gays is finally gaining a hearing in the halls of justice. Both sides will have a chance to put forth the full weight of their legal and constitutional arguments, hopefully without all the hyperbole and scary rhetoric that typically surrounds the topic.14th Amendment non-negotiable The federal appeals court in Boston ruled unanimously against DOMA on Thursday. Iowa's Supreme Court ruled unanimously in 2009 against discrimination of gay people who want to marry. Both cited the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment. Some religious people, mostly Republicans, will say the courts are interfering in religious freedom. Do they ever consider that religious people, mostly Republicans, are interfering in constitutional rights of gay and lesbian taxpayers? It is vital that all Americans understand that the liberty protected by the 14th Amendment, like the equal protections of any citizen under the law and U.S. Constitution, is not subject to Bible quotations.We don't need a sugar nanny  "Bloomberg out to ban large soft drinks -- They'd be capped at 16 ounces; industry says move wouldn't help," Limits on sugary drinks, meaning sodas? What is going to be next, coffee and teas? With the amount of sugar added to those drinks, one would think so. There is nothing wrong with drinking soda or any other sugary drink as long as it is done in moderation. However, personal responsibility and common sense should tell you when to quit. Taking away my right to choose what size of drink I want is ridiculous. If this happens, we will know for sure that people have lost all sense of self, personal responsibility and common sense.DISD Mike Miles should fix DISD buildings first "Activist says DISD cabinet lacks diversity -- Callejo requests meeting with chief Miles after 4 of 7 named," Miles has overstepped his importance when he refers to his "cabinet" and the "more than 20 administrators" on his "core team." DISD already has more layers of bureaucracy than a typical onion, and peeling those layers away to try to get answers to questions or get anything done for our schools has grown increasingly tedious and unproductive. I will take Miles seriously when I hear or read that he has hired a chief of school maintenance who will be charged with making absolutely sure that every building on every campus is in top shape and meets every code structurally, mechanically and technologically, providing a safe, protective, bright and well-equipped environment for every student. I salute Adelfa Callejo and support her strong, lifelong spirit of activism for our children and for diversity in leadership. I invite her to come and visit Truett Elementary, the school that DISD forgot years ago. We are growing with 1,100 kids in a 600-child school that has not had proper maintenance in two decades. These children from many lands are wonderful. They deserve better than the crumbs from DISD's table.TV show 'Dallas' makes for friendly travel abroad "'Dallas' cast to hit red carpet" Since my husband and I retired, we've done a lot of European travel. Whenever a shopkeeper asks me where I'm from, I always say Dallas (even though I live in McKinney). Invariably they shout out "J.R.!" or "Sue Ellen!" It's like instant rapport -- I got a nice deal in the silk bazaar in Bursa, Turkey, because of it. One time I sat down next to a young woman on a bus in Athens. Same question, same answer. She gave my arm a squeeze and told me how she loved Dallas and that she was always Pamela. I gave her a little laugh and said, "Well, once I was Pamela, too, but now I'm Miss Ellie." I hope the new Dallas show goes international again, because it's a great way to make friends.ACLU's Terri Burke wrote out of school "Church not appropriate for graduation -- DISD isn't enforcing its own policy and apparently hasn't for years, says the ACLU's Terri Burke,"  Burke states that "school officials have never tried to get superintendent approval of the First Presbyterian location." This statement is patently false. Administrators at the School for the Talented and Gifted at the Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Magnet Center did not ignore district policy or violate it; in fact, they have complied with this policy each year by obtaining permission from the district. This documentation is readily available. Burke voiced concern that this venue choice may have left some feeling unwelcome or unwanted. Perhaps she is projecting her own beliefs onto our community. Each year, the Talented and Gifted seniors and their families are asked if they have any objections to holding the ceremony in the church, and there have never been any objections or refusals to attend in the five years we have been doing this. The graduation was indeed a joyous occasion for all. There were families of various religions, races an beliefs celebrating with the graduates. The TAG community understands and practices the true meaning of the word tolerance: "a fair, objective, and permissive attitude toward opinions and practices that differ from one's own; freedom from bigotry." Perhaps the ACLU needs to go back to school.Sunday letter to the editor roundup about politics Price is innocent until proven guilty  "FBI lays out its case on Price -- His lawyers deny conspiracy, bribe allegations," Neither I nor anyone else can lay claim at this point to knowing what Commissioner Price did or did not do that could be classified as illegal. That's a question for a jury to decide after all the facts are in, so let's not rush to judgment before Price has had his day in court. What I do know is this: During the 15 or so years that I had dealings with Price in two venues, I found him to be diligent, a quick study and a hard worker in his roles as county commissioner and juvenile board member. I personally never witnessed any untoward behavior or the slightest hint of malfeasance by Price at any time during our association. The least we can do is give him the benefit of the doubt until, if or when it is found that he did something deserving of legal action.Please make it stop  "Dewhurst, Cruz go on nasty offensives -- On-air salvos on debate, migrants promise ugly run-up to GOP runoff," OMG, another eight weeks of Dewhurst-Cruz mud wrestling. I am so sick of the negative political attack ads with their innuendos, misrepresentations and falsehoods. I am looking for a senator who is truthful, honest and can solve problems. I am not looking for someone who can tell the biggest lies about an opponent or opposing view. In my opinion, neither of these candidates is worthy to fill the shoes of Kay Bailey Hutchison. I just hope the runoff will reveal an honorable side of these men.No proof that Romney knows job creation Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney claims that we should elect him because he knows how to create jobs. If he knows how to create jobs, why didn't he do so for his own state, Massachusetts, which ranked 47th in job creation in the U.S. while he was governor?Patriotism isn't a party I saw Mitt Romney on TV Wednesday, pandering to the military and referring to John McCain as a "national treasure." It's interesting that the Republicans do not consider John Kerry a national treasure. senator Kerry earned the Bronze Star, Silver Star and three Purple Hearts while serving in Vietnam. Yet his military service was denigrated and swift-boated by Republicans during the 2004 campaign. I guess senator Kerry's distinguished military career doesn't count since he's a Democrat. Same goes for Max Cleland. senator Cleland lost three limbs in Vietnam, but he was accused of being unpatriotic by Saxby Chambliss during his unsuccessful campaign for re-election. Dick Cheney got five draft deferments during the Vietnam War, but there is no bigger warmonger on earth. The phony patriotism of Republican chicken hawks makes me ill.And what if the immigrants were Cuban? Ted Cruz opposes the DREAM Act for children of illegal immigrants who were raised here and are American in every way except citizenship, and he wants to throw everything the military has at the border. And do not even think about amnesty. I would like to know if he would take the same take-no-prisoners approach if Cuban illegal immigrants were treated the same as Mexican illegal immigrants are treated. The cancellation of the wet foot, dry foot policy that illegal Cubans benefit from could change his mind.What did Dallas-Fort Worth area schools do right this year? We invited our Sounding Off contributors to share what they think schools did right this year. Here is a sampling of their responses. Saigling knows special ed Our twins with severe autism just finished their elementary education at Plano ISD's Saigling Elementary. Their biggest achievement this year was a significantly expanded use of an iPad for communication. With virtually no support from district administrators, the teaching team in the classroom used their own creativity to achieve this growth. This has created momentum moving into middle school, where our twins' new teacher has already expressed an expectation that our children can hold gainful employment as adults. Our school experience has been very positive; however, students with similar disabilities at other schools encounter teachers and administrators who minimize their expectations for special education students. Training for employment should be a given for all students, otherwise our schools are nothing more than tax-paid daycare. Investing in quality education increases income, expands the economy and reduces long-term, costly government support. One of the greatest moments in our twins' education happened during their elementary school graduation ceremony, when their typically-developing peers cheered loudly as our twins' pictures were displayed. It's that inclusive camaraderie among the next generation which is our greatest source of hope.More tech in Lewisville ISD Students at Lewisville ISD middle schools were allowed to use technology in classrooms this year. Though I was first very concerned, there was much less disruption than I expected, and it may allow students to expand their knowledge of technology at an earlier age so they are better prepped for high school demands.Murphy's proud Partners I felt fortunate every single day that I sent my son off to Murphy Middle School. As a special education student, middle school can be a scary place, but Murphy has an amazing special ed program with teachers who are passionate about the kids. Add to that a culture of inclusion -- there is a waiting list for the Partners program, which pairs "typical" kids with students in special ed to help them during class time and P.E. Leadership in this school promotes the program as an honor and privilege, which sets a positive example for students to treat these kids just like everyone else. I'm a proud parent and community member, and I wish all schools could be like Murphy.Students feeling the Lovejoy In spite of the shenanigans of our elected officials in Austin, I have hope for the future of our students. The reason for my hope is the involvement of the parents, grandparents (of which I am one) and the community at large with our schools. My grandson is a student at Lovejoy High School in Lucas and the support there is overwhelming. It comes from the teachers, administration and the Lovejoy Foundation in addition to the parents. The events students are involved in, whether a football game or a choir concert, are jam-packed. The students are energized by this support and the future is bright. Yes, even though the state legislators think that funding education is not a priority, our students shall overcome this. Someday some of them may become legislators themselves and turn the situation around. There is hope.Books, balls at Richardson My opinion will run contrary to many. Both my kids are graduates of Richardson High School and attended during the years when RHS was not competitive in athletics, especially football. In the last few years, this has been changing. Having winning teams has improved morale, school spirit, athletic participation and adult attendance and volunteering. It's not just football -- it includes boys and girls soccer, track, basketball, baseball and softball. Academics have not been overlooked during this period. RHS is a Recognized school with much diversity. Athletics and academics can be compatible.Big buddies at Prairie Creek Two things struck me as I watched my son's kindergarten graduation Wednesday at Prairie Creek Elementary in Richardson. First of all, I'm thrilled at how much Spanish is being taught in kindergarten -- it's great to learn at such an early age. Next, I'm impressed at the "sixth grade buddy system" the school has. Each kindergartner is assigned a sixth grader, who acts as a mentor and friend throughout the year. In my day as a kindergartner, I was intimidated by the older kids, and the older kids didn't care about the younger kids. Bravo to RISD for its buddy system.Cold writing at McKinney This past school year, McKinney High started a writing initiative for all students to prepare them for college. Each week, students received a prompt. They responded by "cold writing" for 30 minutes. Good writing is a skill that takes practice, and I thought this weekly cold-writing assignment encouraged students to develop that skill as well as their opinions.Parish doing the robot At Parish Episcopal School this year, we saw an explosion of interest in our Robotics program, in addition to the programs at competing schools all over the area. With both genders equally represented, we saw amazing collaboration and creative thinking among students from third grade all the way up though high school. Robotics is a great equalizer, as students work together to solve problems. They had so much fun, they forgot that they were part of a significant curricular initiative aimed at increasing our students' math and science skills.Skyline's architecture legend Thursday the architecture cluster at Skyline High School lost a gifted teacher. Tom Cox has tirelessly worked at Skyline for 33 years. How many of us can say we worked in one place all those years? How many of us can say we impacted decades of students? Tom can. Tom is humble, but his efforts have led to countless scholarships and acceptance to colleges across the U.S., including Ivy League and top state universities, and Tom and the cluster have received numerous architecture awards. At a point in each of our lives, we know a teacher who impacts the path we take. I have had the privilege of watching Tom's teaching translate into milestones in the lives of young adults.Mentoring fatherless in G.P. It is such a joy to see the success of the mentorship program in Grand Prairie schools. My wife and I have participated in the program at Bowie Elementary for the past three years and have witnessed the difference it makes in the lives of students. Many of our assigned students have absent fathers. Some have fathers serving in the military, others are being raised by a single mom, some have fathers who are incarcerated. Statistics show that boys reared without their fathers are more likely to end up in prison. When fathers leave home before their daughters are six years old, 35 percent of those daughters will become pregnant during their teen years, compared with just 5 percent of girls whose fathers stay with the family. Children raised by failing fathers (absent or essentially absent) are at least twice as likely to become drug addicts, drop out of school or commit teen suicide. We commend the schools that offer this program and the families who take advantage of it.AT&T statement after accidental bank account-draining is meaningless "Charge drained account -- Woman who was left penniless by billing mix-up gets refund,"  An AT&T spokeswoman is quoted as saying, "We are happy we were able to get this issue resolved in a timely manner." Are you kidding me? She calls "timely" taking three days to replenish a woman's bank account that they had completely drained in error. And that doesn't take into account the extra day or two it took to get someone at AT&T to commit to replenishing the account in "only" three days and after The News' Problem Solver called to motivate them. Otherwise this poor woman would have had to wait 30 days with no money for food or medication. Further quote: "Our goal is to provide an extraordinary customer experience." Instead of that meaningless statement, why not just issue a sincere apology and implement some steps so this never happens again?Secret parking lot plans, no rain checks are not helping the Arboretum shine Arboretum riding roughshod "Winfrey parking is win-win" Williams waxed poetic about the prospect of Winfrey Point being taken over by the arboretum for parking. I would like to ask when he plans to become part of the community rather than just writing from afar. Arboretum president Mary Brinegar has much bigger plans than just parking at Winfrey Point. She plans to take over a large portion of a free city park and make it pay-for-entry, denying people who live in the area access unless they contribute to her coffers. Her 2010 email to Park Director Paul Dyer also reveals her ambitions for Garland Road. Walton's Garden Center has been an institution for over half a century. The nearby auto detailing shop and the auto repair shop have been here for decades. Brinegar wants them for parking. The Dallas Arboretum cannot be allowed to ride roughshod over everyone in the area with secret plans and meetings. Someone needs to ask Brinegar in a meaningful way, "Will you make a binding commitment not to make any further demands for real estate once you have your parking lots?"No rain checks at aboretum? No rain checks at the arboretum? Even with afternoon thunderstorms last week strafing the area, flashing occasional lightning bolts over Dallas? Not even for Friends of the Arboretum with their generous gifts? The Dallas Arboretum has a larger PR problem than prairie grass and nesting killdeers. Did you hear that snapping sound? It was a checkbook shutting closed.There's no proof fracking is harmful "Corps, city differ on drilling near levees -- Engineers, council member want 3,000-foot buffer; task force didn't address issue," Council member Scott Griggs said that the "burden of proof is on the industry" to prove that natural gas operations will not threaten dams in Dallas. Instead of forcing the industry to prove a negative, a much better way to argue his point would be to point out all of the incidents where hydraulic fracturing has damaged dams or levees. The trouble is that he cannot because there are no examples to which he can point, just as the charges of water contamination by fracking have been found to be without merit by independent experts as well as state and federal regulators. Is councilman Griggs concerned about public safety, or is there perhaps another agenda at work?The state of Texas education is shameful "Texas schools short by 15,000 teachers -- Analysis shows effect of rising enrollment on top of cutbacks," This is a shame and disgrace to our great state of Texas. This article tells it like it is and it hits home for many across the state. Robbing our children of the best public education we can provide, plus cutting more than 10,000 teacher jobs and stranding more than 4,000 new teachers in the bureaucracy of government neglect, fails to provide proper service from taxes we all pay. Most educators are dedicated to their choice of profession. My granddaughter graduated with high honors from college with intent to fulfill her dream of being an elementary teacher. Because she was caught in the web of the state cutting teaching jobs, she continued to graduate with high honors to obtain a master's degree -- but there still aren't enough teaching jobs to go around. With determination she is patiently waiting, working a menial job until times get better for teachers, because that is what she is -- a teacher.Three cheers to the city of Mesquite, Dallas sanitation workers and to first responders  To the city of Mesquite -- I would like to acknowledge the city and the Mesquite Rotary Club for an awesome bike ride recently. The police officers who were stationed at each intersection made sure that the cyclists were safe and that traffic flowed as smoothly as possible. The routes were well-marked and the rest stops were well stocked. At $25 to $35 a head for registration, the Rotary Club uses those funds to give back to the city. So hats off to the officers who worked to keep us all safe, especially the ones at I-20 and Seagoville Road. You all rock!To city sanitation workers -- Have you ever thanked those wonderful people who pick up trash and bulk items for the city of Dallas? Every week they deal with loads of smelly trash and hundreds of pounds of flat-out nasty garbage. I try to make it a point on my daily walks or as I drive by to thank them for the crucial job they do every day. Without them doing that job, where would we be? Piled under an enormous amount of trash. The next time you see your neighborhood trash truck with those men hanging off the back, take some time to thank them. We are so lucky.To first responders -- National Emergency Medical Services Week from May 20-26 was a time to celebrate the heroism of responders. Thinking about the life-saving work of our EMS workers, I cannot help but recall one of the earliest "first responders," the Good Samaritan from the Bible who took pity on a man beaten, robbed and left for dead on the side of the road. The Samaritan treated the man's wounds and took him to a local inn to continue the injured man's care.Treating mental illness is not a priority for our elected officials Last week in the news there has been both a mentally ill man that climbed a crane on the SMU campus after carjacking a truck, and a savage, naked, face-eating mentally ill man in Florida. While I am sure that tea party and right wing Republican-elected officials all have pat answers as to why society can't possibly afford to fund mental health treatment, if I were a betting man my money would be on the fact that the real reason is because it hasn't darkened their door. Besides, our country is far too busy spending trillions of dollars on unwinnable, unilateral foreign wars and building more prisons to make sure the U.S. keeps its title for being the largest incarcerator in the entire world to bother worrying about spending money on mental health treatment.Pop culture's 'dumb dad' stereotype is damaging  "Demise of dads' image -- Our culture increasingly ignores the father's role, says Michael Landauer," Landauer is exactly right. There is a strange fog that has descended on our country concerning men in general, and dads in particular. My wife and I have been discussing this bizarre phenomenon recently and we did our own in-house survey of TV commercials. Virtually 100 percent of the ones with couples showed the woman as the smart one, while the man was portrayed generally as a clueless buffoon. I think this has had the effect of being a self-fulfilling prophecy on men's psyches. Men are bombarded with this day after day, and they're beginning to act it out. The serious implication of this is that in acting this out, many families are now fatherless, as the men see no place or role for themselves in the family anymore. Fatherlessness is a leading cause of crime, and our nation is paying a very steep price for it. Our prisons are filled to the brim largely due to this endemic problem. I applaud you for the courage and boldness to speak out about this serious issue. Some may wink or smile at this, but the staggering toll we are paying because of it is no laughing matter.Don't forget Danny Faulkner's con days "Danny' Faulkner: I-30 fraudster also cheated death for over 13 years -- Face of condo scandal sank S&Ls but aided downtrodden," Although it is no surprise that his family members and friends described him with affection, the passing of Faulkner last week should not obscure his role in one of the most significant fraud and racketeering schemes ever perpetrated in Texas. A jury rightly concluded that he was, for at least part of his life, a con man. I saw this quality first hand as a young prosecutor in the trial that resulted in his conviction. During deliberations, the jury made written inquiries. As the lawyers gathered around the court clerk holding the jury's questions, Faulkner huddled with us, eager to read along. The incongruity of this, given that one of his defenses to participating in a fraudulent real estate scheme was that he could not read or write, was not lost on me or Faulkner. I turned to him and said "I thought you couldn't read." He smiled, didn't answer and returned to his seat. Though not privy to this scene, the jury saw through this defense and convicted him.Voters deserved to know before the election what was going on with Price  "Primary delayed affidavit," So, it was a decision of federal prosecutors and John Wiley Price's attorneys not to release affidavits and related documents that would definitely have changed a voter's mind on voting for Price after what the documents revealed. As a registered voter, I feel it would have been for the best interest of the people to know what is going on with the candidates. Price won the Democratic primary and I am going to be anxious to know how the release of documents will affect his election in November.Hazing is not that uncommon  "Hazing's lessons difficult, ongoing -- Each new tragedy seen as a painful reminder of the need for change," Hazing deaths like these may not be common happenstance, but the ritualistic beatings, humiliations and dangerous activities associated with hazing are not as uncommon as one might think. I would go as far as to say that most, if not all sororities and fraternities engage in some form of hazing. More often than not, it isn't as dangerous as what these students encountered, but where do we draw the line? Universities with high Greek participation, coupled with the 18- to 22-year-old age group's biological desire to fit in, make tragic hazing outcomes not so surprising.Voters are sick of politicians' compromises  "Is there more to Cruz? -- Hard-edged GOP insurgent needs governing vision," Bless your heart, Dallas Morning News. I am sure Cruz appreciates immensely your input into his campaign, but I think he is doing just fine. You say Cruz will not compromise. Good. What you dinosaurs don't seem to understand is that we the people are sick to death of mealy-mouthed politicians going to Washington and compromising away our freedoms for that half a loaf. That is why our country is in trouble today. You say Cruz is angry. Good! I am angry, too. Every U.S. citizen should be angry about a corrupt, far-reaching federal government. We can no longer accept the status quo. Ted Cruz is exactly what Texas needs.Do we need rules on when, where and how to sprinkle a loved one's ashes?  "Scattering ashes? Lay fears to rest" Rules on ash-sprinkling needed Although there do not appear to be many laws governing the scattering of a person's ashes in Texas, I would be mortified if during a family outing to the mall one of my children received sprinkles of human remains on their ice cream simply because we chose the wrong exit. I realize that saying goodbye to loved ones can be an emotional experience, and often carrying out their final requests can pose a challenge. And normally I appreciate the stance of "less is more" as it relates to government regulation. However. I feel that in this instance some additional rules or guidelines might be warranted.Don't worry what others think As citizens of Texas, because the law is not opposed to the spreading of ashes, then we should not worry about what others are thinking. Cremation has been going on in many different cultures for centuries. We have a right to grieve in our own way, and if someone wants to carry out their family member's dying wish, who has the right to judge them?Is Neiman Marcus responsible for purchases of husband accused of buying while cheating? "Woman files fraud suit against Neiman's,"  Shame on Neiman Marcus for not allowing this poor woman return items that its employee wrongfully sold to a man of adultery. To me, that has fraud written all over it. Niemen Marcus is not only setting a bad example for its employees but showing what they believe about right from wrong. They should at least make a deal with the poor woman.Environmentalists are to blame for Texas' power problem  "What cost to keep cool? -- Study says price hikes likely, power market needs more incentives," Nowhere in this column about the state of the current power market in Texas does it mention why the state doesn't have enough plants to keep up with the increasing power demand. Look no further than environmental groups such as the Sierra Club, Public Citizen and SEED stopping progress at every turn by suing power providers and potential power plant owners. Ditto for the EPA, which stomps out coal plants in Texas by developing regulations that go above and beyond common sense. Next time include all of the facts surrounding our state's power situation. We citizens deserve better, in addition to an increased number of power plants. To be living in the 21st century and having to subject ourselves to rolling blackouts is just crazy.Don't want your son being mistaken for a thug? Don't let him dress like one "Under our skin -- As mom to a black boy, I worry, says Cynthia Timmons,"  Timmons references the Trayvon Martin issue but fails to recognize that people get treated according to how they present themselves. Without racial bias, I would be suspicious of any jackass wearing a hoodie covering his face in summer temperatures; groping his pants, which are worn below his crotch; and loitering with a group of like-appearing groupies. He would be treated with less respect than I might otherwise afford dignified and respectful youth. President Obama didn't get where he is by looking like and acting like a thug, such as exhibiting his underwear and hiding in a hoodie.Airplane inspection standards are too low "Plane crashes in neighborhood in Nigeria, killing at least 153," This reminds me of a news report I've seen about how planes are not being inspected as routinely or as carefully as they should be. If U.S. airlines have minor aviation problems it's no doubt that a country with a corrupt government has even more. Hopefully our leaders will make the right call before allowing potentially dangerous carriers clearance to fly here.Women are losers in the Catholic church's pursuit to overturn health care mandate  "War on religion? -- Both parties are off the mark, writes William McKenzie," Catholic leaders who have sued the Obama administration, complaining about a federal mandate to offer birth control to female employees, are overwhelmingly celibate white men who themselves have never used or needed birth control. They have not personally lost any right or liberty. What they're losing is their claimed right to dictate to their female employees whether they should have access to birth control under a health care plan that covers men's needs but discriminates against women's. Church leaders piously claim that working women who want to control their number of children because they cannot afford to support any more should be denied that right. No church leader is faced with such a dilemma. The women who are denied birth control are the ones losing a right, not the church.Worrying about media's portrayal of 'dumb dads' is not a manly problem "'Dumb dad' stereotype damaging" Kramer takes Michael Landauer's earlier opinion to an illogical extreme. His letter, fairly summarized, says men are "bombarded" with TV portrayals of "dumb" dads, which causes men to "act out" and leave their families, and this fatherlessness is a key cause of crime. Fathers are often portrayed in TV comedies as the one who's clueless because they are best equipped to be the butt of the joke. Making the wife or kids the "dunces" evokes centuries of stereotypes from a patriarch-oriented society in which the father was never to be questioned. Men, especially white men, who have historically been dealt fate's winning hand, should be able to take being the brunt of some innocuous jokes. I would suggest that any man whose self-image is defined by sitcoms and TV ads doesn't have the fortitude required to be a father in the first place. Certainly, we don't believe that young black men have no choice but to emulate the cop-killing, women-abusing characters created by some rappers; are we fathers so delicate that we should be judged by a different standard? Putting it bluntly, "man up" and worry about real issues that might actually affect your lives.Mike Miles' DISD hirings are turning into a money pit  "Miles defends high salaries for cabinet -- Communications head's pay tops that of city police chief,"  I was shocked to see the salaries of the so called "cabinet" put together by Dallas ISD superintendent Mike Miles. And he's not done -- there are still three positions to fill. So when it's all done, he will be paying seven people almost $1 million a year in salaries. The state of Texas needs 15,000 teachers, according to an article I read recently. Is Miles going to hire any? I doubt it.Obama administration suggesting commuting via more fuel efficient ways was only a suggestion  "Driving to their own drummer -- There's something very American about motorists not kowtowing to the feds' transit push, says Mark Davis,"  One of the recurring ironies of modern social discourse is that the most vocal critics of "political correctness" are the first to cry foul when they perceive that their own values are criticized. Take, for example, columnist Mark Davis. He feels "vilified" and "derided" that the Obama administration encourages commuters to consider using more fuel-efficient ways to get to work. The administration hasn't taken any action to compel this course; it has simply asked citizens to consider alternatives. But it isn't enough for Davis that the ability of commuters to make wasteful transportation choices is preserved; he doesn't want their feelings hurt. Conservation of the world's resources -- especially finite, non-renewable energy resources -- is more than a secular social value; it is a tenet of the world's major religions.Government can't abdicate its role of protecting citizens from private sector greed  "Obama doesn't get job creation" We need the government to protect individuals when the private sector doesn't play fair. During the past several decades, while the government was creating an environment within which the private sector could thrive at wealth creation (in other words, the Bush tax cuts), it turned out that the "job creators" looked upon the wealth, which was thus created, as their own personal income. Executive pay rose astronomically, and bonuses for the 1 percent increased by leaps and bounds. As the supposed job creators took advantage of this environment by sending American jobs overseas to increase profits, actual job creation here dropped to depths not experienced in 70 years. Millions upon millions of hard-working Americans lost their jobs to greed in the private sector -- to the robber barons of the 21st century. Who will protect middle-income Americans from this kind of robbery? Shall we elect another robber baron to lead us toward more of the same? No.Gays can't do worse than John Edwards did What irony. Page 4 of Friday's paper had a report of John Edwards' mistrial -- he, the scummiest excuse for a husband, who trashed just about every marital vow possible, not to mention aspiring to become this country's president while doing so -- and on page 5, we read about the ongoing legal battle over the Defense of Marriage Act, which prohibits same-sex marriage. Supporters of this law believe allowing homosexuals to marry would seriously undermine and weaken marriage, despite the fact that it denies a significant percentage of adult Americans the right to marry the person they are in love with. Seems to me that a growing number of cheating heterosexuals like John Edwards have done more to destroy the sanctity of marriage than anyone, so much so that I would think society should be grateful that anyone, straight or gay, still wants to risk all that marital fidelity entails these days. But since they do, let's throw our support behind them and give true love a chance to restore our faith in marriage as still being the most desirable and responsible way to create a lasting family unit.What does a veteran have to do to get a job? "Dismal [jobs] news puts Obama on defensive -- Romney cites 'harsh indictment'; president urges Congress to act," I am a 25-year military veteran with three years of combat-zone service. I have been back in the United States for 26 months and have been seeking employment. I am a college graduate, a licensed vocational nurse and have 32 years of work experience -- yet I cannot get a job. I applied as a nurse to numerous positions but have been told that if I have not worked in the United States within the last 12 months, I am not eligible for employment in positions from major hospitals to simple nursing homes. I served in combat, saved lives in combat and helped to defend my country, but I am not of any value when I get back. I can't work in the United States if I am working in a combat zone. I guess that "we hire veterans" and "we support our troops" is not reality. I simply want to work, and I refuse to draw unemployment, even though I am authorized to.Violent inner-city culture is the real worry "Under our skin -- As mom to a black boy, I worry, says Cynthia Timmons," Having read Timmons' piece and other columns by mothers of black boys, I am struck by their misplaced fear for the safety of their sons. Statistics show that homicide is the leading cause of death for young black males, but the vast majority is killed by other black males. The latest figure from a U.S. Department of Justice study reports the statistic at 93 percent. Mothers of black boys are right to be concerned for the safety of their sons, but by far the real danger is not from being profiled for wearing a hoodie or just being black but from the culture of violence in many inner-city neighborhoods.When it's past time for a loved one to die "When the end can't come soon enough -- The length of time it can take to die is one of the great horrors of modern time, says Michael Wolff," Wolff frankly and eloquently illuminated the cruelty of a medical field that preserves a body well beyond its true life expectancy. Does possessing the technology obligate us to keep a heart beating when a body and mind are used up? Two years ago, my mother passed away from complications related to Parkinson's, a disease that renders the body immobile while the brain remains acutely intact. In five years, mom deteriorated into a shrunken shell of a body incapacitated by the ravages of this cruel and vicious disease, relying on a feeding tube for nutrition, unable to bathe herself, control her bladder or bowels, or even pull on a pair of socks without assistance. And she hadn't yet reached the full advanced stage of Parkinson's. When she used to say that she wanted to die, I didn't argue with her. I couldn't. Her future held no hope, no cure, no relief. In truth, my mother died long before her body expired. I am shattered by the loss but comforted by the fact that she never had to spend time in a nursing home, which she feared more than death. In Wolff's words, I hear her voice once again and find solace.Turning Point offers adventure to all  "Wheelchairs no barrier to some wheels-off fun -- People with disabilities gather for a day of adventure sports," I volunteer at a camp for disabled children by cleaning the facilities and preparing it for them before summer. I'm too young to be a camp counselor, but each following year I'm shown pictures of the kids' happy faces, and I know that I made a difference. What founder Michael Powers is doing at Turning Point is wonderful. Giving back to people is very rewarding, and I applaud him and every person that makes all of those activities possible. People with disabilities enjoy zip-lining and jet skiing as much as everyone else does, and it's important for those activities to be available. I love being involved at the camp I volunteer at, and I can't wait to be a counselor so I can see the happy faces in person.This is proof health care act is needed  "The price of a miracle -- Journalist awakes with new aortic valve and gratitude that can't be quantified," It's nice that Gary Jacobson had health insurance to cover his heart surgery. It's interesting that the only people who would be forced to pay the $239,000 "real" cost of Gary's surgery would be the uninsured -- everyone else gets the benefit of insurance discounts. The Affordable Care Act attempts to address solving the health care crisis of access and cost. Many people, including 6.1 million Texans, don't have any health insurance at all. And don't tell me they can go to the emergency room. The ER is for just that -- emergencies -- and not for routine care. Because of cost-shifting to cover charity or care that isn't paid for, even people with good health insurance are seeing rising costs. The costs for ER visits, surgeries and hospitalizations are added to the bill you pay at hospitals and other care providers. While health insurance premiums rise every year, the part you pay -- deductibles and coinsurance -- are rising even more. Companies are leaving employees holding the bag, and the bag has a big price tag. Don't ignore the health care elephant in the room: It's big, and it's right behind you.Trip to Bali? Just a little continuing ed for a local private school's teachers I recently received a brochure in the mail advertising a local private school, and one of the pictures under the heading "Spiritual and Moral Development" features three teachers who were sent to Bali to learn about environmental sustainability. Bali! As in, the beautiful island 9,000 miles away. I'm sure there's a prudent reason why the school chose Bali instead of the local recycling plant or science museum. They probably had to come up with yet another creative method to dispose of all the giant piles of money crowding the school hallways. Plus, their internet might have been down, so they couldn't Wikipedia "thatched roofs" to learn about sustainability the way you and I would. Sad, really. I contacted the school for comments, but the secretary was on a yacht (work related, I'm sure). Dear school administrators: Please come over with an extra briefcase full of cash and send me on a Spiritual and Moral Development trip. I've been teaching my kids pedestrian information like how to make cupcakes, use commas and appreciate Gwen Stefani. We could use some divine inspiration from Spain, Thailand or Turkey right about now. I'm also open to Bali if that's all you've got.Look at Romney's unemployment rate when he left Massachusetts "No proof Romney knows" I read with amusement Dunlap's recitation of the Democratic talking point concerning Romney's time as governor of Massachusetts. In her letter she states that Massachusetts ranked only 47 out of 50 states in job creation. What Dunlap and the Democratic party doesn't want anyone to know was when Governor Romney left office, the unemployment rate in Massachusetts was only 4.7 percent. The unemployment rate in the U.S., under President Obama, is 8.2 percent. What do you think the president would give for Governor Romney's "sterling" (Bill Clinton's word, not mine) record and unemployment rate?Place blame for Aboretum parking lot conflict where it belongs "Arboretum riding roughshod"  Mary Brinegar is not the problem in the Arboretum/Winfrey Point parking lot controversy. She has the right to ask for anything she wants for the organization she represents. She cannot make a unilateral decision to take over municipal parkland to expand the Arboretum's parking capacity. The Dallas Park and Recreation Board and Dallas Park and Recreation Department are the ones who initially gave the Arboretum permission to take land away from the thousands of residents who use and enjoy White Rock Lake Park. They are responsible for giving that permission, for not asking for public comment first and for not telling the public about the decision until the deal was done. What Brinegar and the Arboretum board are guilty of is lack of foresight in planning the children's amusement park and large special exhibits without having already provided for the huge number of additional parking spaces needed.Dallas Stars' move is wrecking North Texas youth hockey "Facing a meltdown -- Sport's growth is out of control, creating future uncertainty," Having been actively associated with youth hockey in the past as a player's parent, I strongly believe that the new youth hockey league started by the Dallas Stars and CEO Jim Lites is based on self interest and not on the best interests of area youth hockey. It is shameful that organizations that have been successful on and off the ice were excluded and blindsided by such egotistical decisions. Having read the explanations and talking points of the leadership of the new league, I see how misleading such seemingly benign comments can be. The reality is that these "leaders" have harmed home town organizations, hockey families and friendships and most importantly, the spirits of young hockey players. That is inexcusable. Hockey is a great game; it has helped many area hockey players transform from boys and girls to responsible young men and women by participating in community-based hockey organizations. This new league is a step back, and no talking points can remedy the harm that it has caused.Texas doesn't need an obstinate Ted Cruz "Citizens sick of compromise" Our country is not in trouble because of compromise. In fact, it is the exact opposite. We need compromise in Washington to get our country out of this mess. Compromise is a necessary part of democracy, and without it we are doomed to more of the same gridlock. Ted Cruz is the status quo and is not what Texas needs if he refuses to compromise.Paycheck fairness shouldn't be a burden  "Senate vote goes against Paycheck Fairness Act," My heart goes out to the over-burdened and oppressed business community. I know it must be difficult dealing with record profits on Wall Street. And, oh my, the burden of having unlimited access to political leaders through campaign contributions granted by the Supreme Court. After all, "corporations are people, too." Now, the GOP has struck down a bill granting women the right to be paid on the same level as men for doing the same work because of the added burden it places on business. Tell me, how is it an added burden to treat people fairly through pay and benefits? In my work, I can give you examples of real burdens on real individuals and families that are a direct result of the business community refusing to simply treat people fairly.Wisconsin makes this Texan proud "GOP leader survives recall -- Wisconsin governor under fire for curbing public workers' unions," Wisconsin's decision to keep a fiscally responsible governor causes me to paraphrase Michele Obama, "This is the first time I've been proud of the American voter."Break down Hispanic diversity in elections coverage  "7 key Hispanics endorse Veasey over Garcia,"  It would be helpful to know, in stories about the "Hispanic vote," who exactly are these Hispanic voters: are they low-income, middle-class or upper-class Hispanics? In fact, it's important to make such socio-economic distinctions of all racial and ethnic groups. Race and ethnicity alone don't give a full picture of people's purchasing behavior or political preferences.Catholic health plans cover HIV meds for priests but not birth control for women? "War on religion? -- Both parties are off the mark, writes William McKenzie," I am a huge admirer of McKenzie and feel that he made good points regarding the difference between religious freedom and religious privilege. However, there is another element to this debate that he has missed. As a retired physician, who has treated many patients with HIV, I can assure him that there is a significant number of Catholic priests in this country who are on medications for HIV that are paid for by the church. I am talking about HIV acquired by having sex with other men. Now, this really is a slippery slope, as McKenzie mentioned. Does this mean that Baylor University in Waco should deny health care coverage to an employee who has cirrhosis of the liver from drinking alcohol, since drinking is against the tenets of the Baptist church? Does this mean that that Mormons can deny coverage for someone who smoked and has lung cancer? This list could go on and on, but health care should have a minimum standard of coverage. The Catholic church is totally free to argue that their faithful not use coverage which is against their faith, but this health care mandate that would provide coverage for birth control is in no way a war on religion.'Fifty Shades of Grey' in grocery stores? Cleanup needed on aisle 9 While visiting my neighborhood grocery store this morning, I stopped by the book rack. Being curious about the current best seller Fifty Shades of Grey, I picked it up and looked through several pages. This book is nothing but pure pornography, and I was amazed that it was displayed openly where anyone at all could look at it. How can this be? There is something very wrong with the morals of the people of this country, and that's not something you can blame on Obama.Driving a car is not inherently patriotic "Driving to their own drummer -- There's something very American about motorists not kowtowing to the feds' transit push, says Mark Davis,"  In cities with mature mass transit systems, such as in New York City, one shares a morning commute from Westchester County and Connecticut with Wall Street types and professionals who own cars that probably cost as much as my house. Do those folks take the train because they do not wish to be "vilified" by the Obama administration? Did they patriotically drive their cars to work under George W. Bush's tenure in the White House? I live in Denton and I look forward to the day when I do not have to drive my car to Dallas because of a viable train system that covers the city. I hope that Davis will "salute" me for "standing up for the liberty and autonomy" -- of taking the train.Phone obsession is ruining the movie theater experience The movie theater experience is getting worse and worse. Rude behavior by patrons who refuse to turn off their cell phones and their glow-in-the-dark screens is immensely annoying. The bright glow detracts from the movie. Despite repeated on-screen notices to turn their phones off, they just can't comply because of their obsessive behavior. Movie attendants must ruthlessly enforce their policy of removing patrons who do not comply with the turn-off instructions. It's unfair for annoyed patrons to try to enforce the rules themselves. Too bad the FCC won't allow cell phone jamming. The theater experience is getting intolerable. Stage performances don't seem to have this problem.Everything's bigger in ... 2012 I love Six Flags over Texas. At sixty years old, I am just a big kid who loves riding the roller coasters. However, Six Flags is stuck in the 1960s -- not in prices, but in people's sizes. Visitors are taller and wider now than they were in the '60s, when many of the rides were designed. The coaster seats are cramped, headrests come up just above the shoulders, knees are pushing into the fiberglass. The only ride with room is the fantastic Texas Giant!Brinker International making its staff both serve and bus tables is gross "Chili's service model cuts out busboys," Tuesday Business brief. That's just great that Chili's is going to fire all the busboys and now have the servers start busing the tables. Just what I want -- someone handing me my food after they have bussed a table with nasty napkins and used silverware. It is amazing that the city of Dallas' health department would go along with this approach. As for me, this is one old timer who won't be eating the Old Timer burger at Chili's anymore.Maybe Jews were more tolerant of homosexuality in Jesus' day "Gays weren't on Jesus' radar"  Williams claims that Jesus did not admonish homosexuals because he was too busy preaching against the Jewish hierarchy. If that is so, Jews at that time and Jesus himself obviously did not consider homosexuality an important issue, as there are and have been homosexuals in every race of the human species. Perhaps Jews were more accepting of their fellow man than our present day bigots. When one reads Paul's writings, you can find ideas concerning how to live one's life that are fanatical and ridiculous today - to wit, women are sinful if they do not wear veils. Williams states that homosexuality is harmful to the individual -- obviously not true, unless he has to endure harassment and bullying by those different from him. As to society as a whole, there is no way that homosexuality can be a threat of any kind. Homosexuality is not an infectious disease. It is a condition present at birth and cannot be changed. And the most preposterous claim by sanctimonious literalists is that it is a threat to traditional marriage, which is an outrageous claim that does not even deserve comment.Oncor's extra charge for my 'convenience' is a laugh  "PUC may let users decline smart meter -- Health, privacy, hacking concerns lead commission to collect public comments," Let me get this straight. Oncor installs a meter on my house that allows them to monitor my electric usage while sitting on their rears across town, adding an extra charge to my bill under the guise of my "convenience." I think I'd rather have the old, free service of having a real person come out to my house at their expense.Sunday letters roundup: These salaries for DISD superintendent Mike Miles' administrators are ludicrous  "Miles defends high salaries for cabinet -- Communications head's pay tops that of city police chief," Teachers are proven, too As one of DISD's positive champions and a former teacher, I am livid! To think that our newly hired superintendent, for whom I have high hopes, attempts to justify the salaries of his "cabinet" is totally unacceptable. How can he possibly help improve the morale and opinion of our district, with hundreds of teachers laid off and many buildings in need of repair, with these decisions? When hundreds of outstanding teachers, who possess "proven track records," have overloaded classes, are overworked and have peaked in salary, what is he thinking? When schools have cut already-exhausted custodial staff, to a few members with meager salaries, what is he thinking? In my opinion, no cabinet member or administrator should be paid any salary higher than the highest-paid classroom teachers can earn. They are doing the real work day in and day out with our students. When I retired from DISD after 32 years of service, with a master's degree and many district and state honors, my salary was nowhere near these exorbitant amounts. And, yes, I had a proven record. Please, let this not be a portent of things to come.Get more for that money The annual cost of salaries for Miles' "cabinet" will be $812,000. And that figure doesn't include the cost of a staff for each of the czars. At $50,000 each, that amount would buy 16 new teachers with various academic degrees.A big, blank check It appears to me that the Dallas school board has given this man a blank check. I am unable to see that this amount of pay can be justified. To do this when other personnel are being terminated in various manners in the name of economy is next to criminal. The schoolchildren of Dallas need teachers, not politicians. When the school board was laying off teachers, did they lay off the governing controls, also? Where is the Dallas school board? Wherever they are, they need to grow a spine, repent and lay this man off. Shame on you Dallas, my hometown.We're sitting idly by It astounds me how we, as citizens and parents, will sit idly by as we read about the decisions being made by the people in charge of running not only our schools but also our local, state and federal governments. We think it's OK, apparently, to pay teachers, who have one of the most important jobs in our country, hardly subsistence wages while administrators and managers are paid salaries far in excess of what they should be getting. I'll bet the reason is, "Well, other administrators are getting that much in other cities." We should be telling those who think they can go to another location and make the big bucks, "Go ahead, have at it. We'll find somebody else to run our schools." Take a look at just the few salaries that were in this article. The lowest salary shown was a good three to four times what a teacher makes. That means we could hire three or four teachers at the same cost to us and have more effective classrooms rather than having a teacher trying to manage 30 or more students in a classroom. Let's wake up, people.Remember the budget cuts? Dallas has laid off teachers because of budget cuts, in addition to closing a number of schools. It has even required low-paid custodial employees to take a 10 percent cut. Now new superintendent Miles is passing out raises to his pet administrators. A bloated, overpaid administration does not improve education; it only lowers teacher morale. Is there any wonder why Dallas, as well as Texas, is rated so low when it comes to quality of education in this country?Dallas just a career stop Well, who is surprised -- salaries that are higher for school administrators than for the police chief? This is how we see cronyism continue at DISD. With a 31-year-old administrator, Jennifer Sprague, doubling her salary by following her boss from Colorado, that just reinforces district politics. How much experience can she possibly bring to justify making more money than a police chief? Out of college with little over five years working experience, making more than a police chief and having school administrator job -- what a dream career. Does anyone expect her to really make a huge difference at a school district? Time will tell but I wouldn't bet on her to succeed. Let's see how long either of these transplants lasts -- DISD is just a stopping-off place for these type of ladder climbers. This reminds me again of why I'm glad my kids do not go to DISD schools.Board should limit excesses Once you are hired as DISD's superintendent, with a fantastic salary and extravagant benefits and perks, you immediately hire your team and pay them lavish salaries. That seems a lot like the corporate world. There is nothing new here. It's completely status quo, business as usual. The board should exercise its fiduciary responsibility to the taxpayers to limit such excesses. Considering the draconian cuts to the budget and salaries of DISD employees, I wonder if Miles intends to show equal confidence and trust in teachers and support staff and raise their salaries, too. No wonder DISD morale is so low and teachers are fed up.Is Sprague best candidate? In hiring these highly paid individuals, Miles clearly demonstrates he's serious about turning around DISD. Yet Sprague's hire is puzzling. First, why not conduct a national search? Hundreds of highly qualified candidates would have eagerly applied, given the salary Miles intends to pay Sprague. Maybe she is the best candidate. We'll never know. From what we do know about her background, she seems to be under-qualified. Second, why does she tout her national PR awards? More often than not, PR and other trade organizations honor their active members over those too busy at their jobs to get involved. She needs to offer up more than that to prove her worth. Third, does Miles believe that positive communications can overcome negative outcomes? If he achieves the positive outcomes, the communications issues will take care of themselves.Quit wasting our money A $185,000 a year salary for a communications officer? Really? That money couldn't have been better spent in the classrooms of a district terribly short on cash? The communications director salary is absurdly high. The timing, horrible. The position, at best, minor. (The White House press secretary doesn't make that much. The Dallas Police chief doesn't, either.) Come on DISD, quit wasting our money like this. We've been down this road over and over again. Clean up the administration. There are plenty of marketing and communications professionals in Dallas who could have handled that job for half of what she is being paid. It is time taxpayers spoke up and said enough is enough.Sunday letters roundup: Would New York's sugary-drink regulation help reduce obesity? "We don't need a sugar nanny" Restrictions are needed About 70 percent of Americans are overweight and 30 percent are obese. Confronting the soda industry by proposing limits, as Michael Bloomberg is, takes guts. Several studies have shown that the No. 1 source of calories for Americans is soft drinks. The obese have 30 to 50 percent more chronic medical problems than those who smoke or drink heavily. Just like tobacco, sugary drinks, cereals and snacks should be taxed and carry warning labels. The tax dollars should be used to educate the public on nutrition and to provide healthy meals in our schools.Adults and parents should choose Why has our world gotten to the point where big, sugary drinks have to be banned from us? Then all junk food should be banned, because people do not know how to consume in moderation, don't you think? I believe it is up to the individual if they want to consume these types of food and drink. As for me, I am a mother of three children, and yes, I have three 12-packs of Dr Pepper at my home for my husband. He is addicted to Dr Pepper, but I can limit my children's intake and teach them good nutrition habits. As for my husband, it's up to him if he wants to continue that lifestyle. Yes, it is really convenient to stop at a store or fast-food restaurant and buy large sodas for a buck. It should be up to the person if they want to or not.It's not a soda ban Bloomberg isn't banning soda in NYC, just forcing you to think about sugar consumption for a second. It's still your choice. Smoking bans in bars and seat belt laws are a much larger infringement on personal freedoms. And if you believe this is just the start, that soon he will ban soda outright, then you must agree with the zealots who say we cannot allow gay marriage because soon someone will want to marry their dog. Same ridiculous argument.Hold our hand, mayor The mayor of New York City stepped forward to protect his citizens from obesity. What would they do without him? Meanwhile, our mayor has done little to help with our daily decisions. How about a decree that makes Dallas citizens subject to a fine for using a preposition to end a sentence? That would outclass the Big Apple.Why just sugar? In a free society, government doesn't make our decisions for us. We have the right to make our own decision, as long as we don't interfere with the rights of others. Bloomberg's reason for banning large drinks is because of the rise of obesity from drinking too much soda. His plan is if people want to buy big drinks, they're going to have to pay more and that would make the consumer not want to buy sodas. In that case, he should ban McDonalds and all the restaurants offering food high in fat, not just sugary drinks. Personal responsibility and common sense should tell you when to quit.Bloomberg's right With all the yammering and protests stirred up by Bloomberg (banning large sugar-charged drinks, the smoking ban and requiring eateries to post ratings), I am reminded of an old euphemism when Barry Goldwater ran for president way back when: "In your heart, you know he's right." The same can be applied to Michael Bloomberg, like him or not.Young people understand how destructive our car-centric culture is "Americans driving less, U.S. rail official says -- Trend is led by younger commuters who use mass transit more," This recent article about more young people favoring public transportation over automobiles was encouraging in that it shows the current generation (whatever its name) is perhaps capable of thinking for themselves and that their decisions on public transportation are good for everyone. It should come as no surprise that these fresh minds, even with their youthful folly, are capable of seeing that the current idiocy of an auto-centric culture with its expense, environmental destruction, inconvenience, ugly sprawl and almost unbelievable carnage is something they neither want to suffer through nor perpetuate for the rest of their lives. Perhaps they simply realize that if they are going to die in the next 20 years or so it likely will be in an automobile crash. Do not try to sell the brightest of this generation on some ludicrously sophistic argument about an automobile representing their freedom. They are not buying.Please -- getting an ID card to vote is only a minor hassle Obtaining ID not a big deal "Voting joins casualties of party wars -- Effect of strict ID rules could be fewer Democrats at the polls, says Carl Leubsdorf," Leubsdorf states, "But thousands of Americans don't have them [photo IDs], mainly the elderly, minorities and poor, and getting them is often a hassle." I've had a photo ID in one form or another, as many Americans have, since I enlisted in the military over 63 years ago. It is the rather small hassle involved in being an American citizen.Voting is worth minor 'hassle' Leubsdorf claims that it is often a hassle for the elderly, minorities and the poor to obtain a state-issued ID. Many tasks in life are a hassle. Going through airport security is a hassle. Showing up for jury duty is a hassle. Applying for a mortgage is a hassle. Since when does something being a hassle determine whether it is necessary or not? The integrity of the voting process must not be compromised because obtaining an ID might be a hassle for some individuals. If being certified to vote is not worth the hassle, then being able to vote apparently doesn't hold the importance that it rightfully should.You can have rights, but that doesn't mean someone else has to pay for them "Women are losers in this fight" I am neither a woman nor a Catholic, so I don't directly have a dog in this hunt. But just because you choose to call something a right does not make it so. While women may have the right to seek or practice birth control, they do not have the right to have others pay for it or provide it for them. If someone wants to exercise any of their "rights," with a few exceptions, it is up to the individual to provide the costs of doing so.Obama's fundraising trips are critical to winning "Obama sees stars, gets cash -- Hollywood remains staunch backer of president; connection draws derision from GOP," Gillman's second sentence, "Unemployment is growing, Europe is stumbling and Syria is in crisis, but the president was back in Hollywood for fundraising," deceptively suggests that the president is unresponsive to these events because he's fundraising. Perhaps the article's header should have indicated that Gillman's piece was a commentary piece. To infer that the president would be better off spending time on the aforementioned issues and not raising cash is insane in a Citizens United world, and especially when you realize that Mitt Romney outraised him by $17 million in May.Medical marijuana should be an option for combating military suicides "Latest surge: suicide figures -- Combat nears end, but troops taking own lives at fastest clip of wars," The suicide rate among veterans is an American tragedy. It's unconscionable not to use every treatment that may help these young people cope with their physical and mental pain. Drs. D. Mark Anderson, Daniel Rees and Joseph Sabia conducted a study titled "Medical Marijuana Laws and Suicide." They found that "... the legalization of medical marijuana is associated with a 5 percent decrease in the total suicide rate, an 11 percent decrease ... [among] 20- to 29-year-old males and a 9 percent decrease ... [among] 30- to 39-year-old males." Possible explanations for the decrease include the neural protective and neural regenerative properties of cannabis and the patients changing from using alcohol to using marijuana. Thousands of veterans have petitioned the Obama administration to allow disabled U.S. military veterans access to medical marijuana to treat their PTSD. Their petition was answered not by the Veterans' Health Administration but by the drug czar, an ex-policeman. He said that smoked marijuana has not been found to meet the modern standard of effective medicine. Al Byrne, co-founder of Veterans for Medical Cannabis Access, responded, "Vets have used cannabis for PTS since the Revolutionary War." Michael Krawitz, executive director added, "By a long shot, it's better than the drugs they get at the VA."If environmentalists are to blame for our lack of energy, who's to blame for dirty air and water?  "Environmentalists to blame" Kreitman blames the health-protecting regulations, enforced by the EPA and supported by "environmental groups," for Texas' electricity generation woes. I wonder who Kreitman blames for the unhealthful air, mercury-tainted waterways, the depletion of the ozone layer, the collapse of fish populations and the acidification of the oceans.Broaden your view of energy sources Kreitman believes Texas needs more power plants and less environmentalism. Even if entities decide to build new plants, the fuels they are based on, hydrocarbons, are reaching their peak. An energy market based on coal has a limited life span, and as the years roll on, it will cost more money and additional energy expenditure to make use of dwindling resources. As far as renewable sources, Texas has all the right elements to produce energy from wind turbines. In fact, 8 to 26 percent of our energy needs are currently being provided by wind farms within state lines. However, that market cannot grow because politicians, not environmentalists, are blocking the development of necessary transmission lines. Unlike fracking for natural gas or the processing of oil and coal, wind turbines don't require massive amounts of water or excessive amounts of additional hydrocarbons to produce product. We're not lacking in coal plants, we're lacking in vision.Crime against all youth matter, including black-on-black murder "Violent culture the real worry"  I do not deny that black-on-black crime is a problem. Violent crime has taken far too many of our young men from their families. However, the murder of young black men is, and should be, a concern. Alan Blueford, a recent high school graduate in Oakland, Calif., was recently shot and killed by police. Darius Simmons, 13, was shot and killed by his white neighbor for allegedly stealing. Both of these young men were black. Neither had committed a crime, and far too many murders of young, inner-city black men are downplayed because conservatives like Glenn Beck wish to blame blacks for killing themselves. I understand full well Beck's intentions. However, I wonder -- is it Gregory's contention that black-on-black crime makes the murders of Blueford and Simmons non-issues?Sci-fi author Ray Bradbury made me, a 14-year-old comic book reader, think "Ray Bradbury, 1920-2012: Author brought science fiction into mainstream -- Writer of 'Fahrenheit 451,' 'Martian Chronicles' was cited as 'unmatched',"  Before Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles he wrote for a comic book. It must have been in the early 1950s. One story he wrote was about a man who worked for a galactic federation. His job was to fly his spaceship around to the various planets in the galaxy to see if they had advanced enough to become members of the federation. In this story, he visited a planet inhabited by green people and yellow people. He determined that they were still having a race war and could not yet become members. As he left the planet in his spaceship, he removed his helmet, revealing that he was a black man. This made an impression on me, a 14-year-old kid.Playing identity politics is a recipe for disaster "What's ahead -- Texas GOP chairman is right: Embrace Latinos," If the Republican Party follows the lead of the Democrats and adopts identity politics, it would add another ingredient to an ongoing recipe for disaster. Politicians from both parties should offer words and deeds that address all Americans instead of targeting them toward blacks, or whites, or Hispanics, or gays, or straights, or the rich, or the poor, or seniors ... the list could go on and on. I have often heard the saying that "diversity is our greatest strength." This idea makes me cringe. While the U.S. certainly is a diverse nation, what makes this nation wonderful is that people from diverse backgrounds have come together to create a wonderful nation. Perhaps it is not a coincidence that divisiveness and the emphasis on identity politics have risen simultaneously.Getting a job shouldn't be this hard for our military veterans "What does a vet have to do?"  A young friend of mine enlisted when he was 17, served in Iraq and saw combat. He was the company armament man among other jobs, a job requiring lots of accurate paperwork, and he received many commendations. When he returned to the U.S., he worked as a firefighter/ambulance driver in his off-duty time for two years, and became certified paramedic. He then applied to become a trainee fireman at D-FW Airport. He called to make sure his application had been received, and everything was in order. He then found out that they had decided to hire someone who had just gotten their green card. I wrote then-mayor Tom Leppert to apprise him of the situation, and I got an email from the head of HR at the airport saying my friend had not completely filled out the application (not true) and that he had not talked to anyone in the office (not true). No wonder vets have trouble getting a job.Like the homeless and other patrons, come enjoy live classical music inside main library "Benches used by homeless removed -- Business group acts to break up gatherings outside Central Library," We're interested to see that Mary Suhm wants a return of classical music played at the Central Library entrance. We think it is worth noting, however, that inside the library, free live classical music concerts have been offered regularly for many years. These concerts, sponsored as a public service by Mu Phi Epsilon professional music fraternity, take place in the auditorium on many Sunday afternoons during the spring and fall and are open to all. Performers are outstanding professional musicians from the North Texas area and beyond. Since we believe in the uplifting and universal power of music, we are pleased to note that some of our homeless population attend and enjoy these concerts, as do many others for whom this might be their first exposure to the world of great classical music.Three cheers to Paperbacks Plus, Dr. Berry Fleming and the JFK assassination 50th anniversary committee To Paperbacks Plus -- Recently I visited Paperbacks Plus in Oak Cliff on Davis Street across the street from Bolsa. We were starved for a good bookstore, and it's beautiful. I wish it great success and plan to visit them often.To Dr. Berry Fleming -- I am celebrating my 22nd wedding anniversary with my husband and two young children, ages 7 and 5. Yes -- 7 and 5! For this I would like to thank Dr. Fleming, who was my OB/GYN. I was a very high risk patient because I was in my mid-40s when I finally conceived. Not only that, my health was not exactly perfect, either. Dr. Fleming took me under his wing and took great care of me for both pre- and post-natal care. I am very thankful and cheers goes out to this physician for putting up with me, as I have such a stubborn streak that my family says I "own the patent" on stubbornness.To the JFK 50th anniversary committee -- When I read the names of the members of this committee, which will plan the events to mark the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy's assassination, I breathed a deep sigh of relief. The members of this committee represent a stellar group of some of the finest leaders Dallas has to offer. Names like Ruth Altshuler, Deedie Rose, Zan Holmes and Bishop Kevin Farrell jumped off the page along with others. With this type of leadership, I believe we can rest assured that this commemoration will be done with the utmost dignity and respect that it deserves.It's crime that's killing DART use DART's ridership has declined because the law-abiding believe these trains are unsafe. The agency long ignored complaints about rowdy, threatening riders or implied the complainants (especially if suburban) were racists. Rail station security was long non-existent. At suburban stations it still is, although cameras can now record robberies and assaults - a cold comfort. My wife and I are longtime, frequent DART customers. Since February's Arapaho Center Station shootout, there's been a dramatic change in the "feel" of the average DART train ride. Officers ride the train for several stops along the way and patrol some downtown Dallas stations. We've seen fewer loud, profane and obscene arguments and scuffles, panhandling, drug dealing and aggressive eye contact with females and crotch-grabbing. I can't prove it, but passengers seem more relaxed and less apprehensive. But change has come too late. Our friends, particularly working suburban women, won't ride because they say the trains aren't safe. Dismissing these concerns as bigoted and wrong-headed is something DART can no longer afford to do.Obama's brought us together, all right -- in court President Obama said he would bring us together. Let's see how he's doing. Forty-three Catholic organizations have filed charges against the government. The government has filed charges against some states over illegal immigration and voter ID laws and 26 states are suing the government over Obamacare. The president is keeping his word -- he is bringing us together. He just didn't say it would be in court.Bond money should fund future projects, not present maintenance "$600M bond plan is all about basics -- Street, drainage work steals the spotlight in Suhm's proposal," Thursday news story. Borrowed money like bonds is an acceptable way to finance capital improvements. It is not acceptable to borrow for maintenance. Capital improvements are an outlay incurred today for benefits to be realized in the future, so in repaying the loan, we are paying for the benefits as they are realized. Maintenance, on the other hand, is an expense that has occurred in the past. The city should have been accruing a fund to pay for the maintenance that will be required in the future. It seems our city council and manager suffer from the universal politicians' failing of being unable to resist spending any available cash.Who cares if he's unpopular? George W. Bush's priorities are right on "Healthy appreciation -- In Africa, there's little debate: Bush is hero for helping subdue AIDS," Sunday news story, and "George W. Bush last in popularity poll," I would guess that George W. Bush has little time be concerned about popularity polls that are of zero value. He is too busy leading and personally participating in humanitarian causes, as evidenced by the Sunday News article about his AIDS work in Africa. This is among many activities in which he participates, most of which are not publicized. I applaud his priorities.Do Jennifer Sprague's awards justify her $185K DISD salary? "Top aides are worth high pay, Miles says -- If communications hire had been ugly, would $185,000 be story? he asks,"  Sprague's awards prove worth In all fairness to Jennifer Sprague and her $185,000 salary as DISD communications director, she has received extensive accomplishments and awards since 2008, which can be found on the Harrison school district website. These include numerous awards, including Communicator of the Year, from the Colorado School Public Relations Association; and several national and international awards as well. It is unfair of the taxpayers of Dallas to rush to judgment without the facts. Her record should speak for itself. Not being a resident of Dallas, I have no dog in this fight. However, I did live there when several previous DISD superintendents were hired with much fanfare, only to subsequently embarrass the board with their actions. Now they welcome Miles, having found, finally, the district's savior. Unfortunately, they allowed him to hire his cabinet with an open wallet. Miles suggests the uproar over hiring Jennifer Sprague is due to her looks. It's not Sprague's looks that causes one to raise their eyebrows. With 1,000 jobs already eliminated and tens of millions cut from the budget, what is Mr. Miles and his highly paid cabinet going to do? Cut the budget further or eliminate more teachers? I'm betting the budget will need increasing, teachers will continue to suffer, the board will grab hold of the purse strings and another fiasco will need fixing. Miles said to give him a year ... fair enough. What cavalier comments will he make then?Teachers first, not administrators "Teachers are proven, too" I totally agree with Walker's opinion that no administrator should be paid more than the most highly-compensated teacher in a classroom -- the classroom is where the real business of teaching takes place. The mindset of district administrators should be that of supporting the actual work of teachers and students in actual schools. Let Dallas set a new trend by establishing different priorities for our schools: Teach first, administrate second.Like cars, bodies need routine maintenance  "Unhealthy physicals -- We're obsessed with unneeded annual exams, says Elisabeth Rosenthal," I take issue with some of the points that Dr. Rosenthal stressed in her column. I firmly believe the PSA test should be done on men over age 50. Based on the results of a routine blood test, I went to a urologist and had a biopsy that showed cancer in 11 of 14 samples. I had radiation seven years ago with no side effects. I know three men who didn't do the PSAs in time and died a painful death after the prostate cancer metastasized to their bones. Recently my cardiologist did a routine six-month EKG. It indicated I had an irregular heart beat and I went to the hospital where they shocked my heart back into sync. Without the routine EKG, I was in danger of a massive stroke. A few years ago my primary care doctor recommended a bone density test, even though men normally don't have osteoporosis. The test indicated I did. I would be in bad shape today if I had not had physicals and routine blood tests. I will continue to have them just as I do 5,000-mile checkups on my car to prevent future breakdowns.Between religious occupation and secular demands, where do we draw the line? Forty-three different Catholic Dioceses are suing the government over indirectly having to pay for contraceptive access. Should Catholic criminal defense attorneys also start refusing to represent defendants they suspect of sinful crimes? Should Catholic doctors also begin to refuse to treat anyone they suspect commit sins against Catholic beliefs, or should Catholic police officers be allowed to arrest people for what they consider sins under Catholic doctrine? Should Catholic judges conducting court business decide cases based on Catholic doctrine? I think it's high time that our society recognize that when people choose a profession, they should be required to conduct themselves without discriminating on the basis of religious preferences. Period -- no exceptions.Don't go trying to ban 'Fifty Shades of Grey' "Cleanup needed on aisle 9" Read all of 'Fifty Shades' Jack, I do understand your reaction to the novel Fifty Shades of Grey. However, you need to be careful judging a book by a few pages. Yes, there is graphic sex. But these novels have little to do with sex. EL James has written a moving and mature series about love and acceptance. I have read all three and at first I was taken aback by the graphic sex. However as I continued to read each book, I soon realized the true intent of the novels. Would the novels be just as effective without the detailed sex? I think they would. But in order to have a clearer understanding of the main character, James must include some references to these acts. It is through these acts that James creates a deeper and more realistic Christian Grey. Please be careful when judging a book by merely reading a few pages. This is what causes hysteria among the masses. The same thing has been done to other works of fiction throughout history. Excerpts taken out of context cannot convey a novel's plot. Reading a work in its entirety is the only way to understand the author's true intentions.Don't worry about kids Unlike Vestal, I maintain that the book rack at the local grocery store is the perfect place to display Fifty Shades of Grey. What self-respecting young person is going to be caught in public reading what has been dubbed "mommy porn"? If young people are reading it, it's probably the copy mom thinks she has hidden so well in her bedroom.Crack down on group home violations "Don't wait - regulate -- City shouldn't be timid about overseeing group homes," Currently, a squalid boarding home can open up anywhere in Dallas, as long as it's more than 1,000 feet from any other boarding house. There are no other regulations for these businesses that target and too-often exploit vulnerable citizens. How is it working? Not well for residents of boarding homes or their neighbors. Only 12 boarding homes have been cited for violation of the 1,000-foot rule. Twelve out of the over 325 located in every council district in the city, and the only sanction is that they are simply required to move to another neighborhood. Still unregulated, still squalid, still hampering the recovery of their residents and making them sicker, still responsible for an inordinate number of calls to 911. Dallas has a much better alternative available. The city council should adopt the basic, common-sense regulations of boarding house businesses found in the Texas Boarding House Model Standards, requiring building and resident safety; adequate space and furnishings; cleanliness and vermin control; proper nutrition and medication; and accountable financial management.Helping AIDS in Africa? Don't forget the other parts of Bush's legacy "Healthy appreciation -- In Africa, there's little debate: Bush is hero for helping subdue AIDS,"  South and Central Africa is where the former president can now go internationally because the population feels he did them some good. They are better off for his efforts. Was this his idea? Maybe it was or maybe it was Laura's. We may never know. In any event the results are positive. This is just the opposite, of course, from his tragically mishandled eight years as our president. We must not forget his steady hand as thousands of young American men and women were killed and injured in a needles war, plus the millions of innocent Iraqis displaced, injured and killed. Too many lives have been forever changed for the worse. We must not forget his total ignorance of economics and finance, except ideas favoring his staunch supporters as he steered the country to the brink of financial collapse, for which we are still recovering. We must not forget his total disregard for morality in the face of adversity as he authorized torture of our so-called enemies. Mr. Bush, I encourage you to spend more time in Africa. I suggest you think about moving there. Consider your work a community service sentence for the rest of your life.Sell closed DISD schools and use money to reinvest in students "Out with the kids, in with ... what? -- Some prod district to rent vacated schools to charters, other tenants,"  Memo to DISD: Decide what business you are in, and if it is education, then stick to it and get out of the real estate and property management business. Sell the nine properties and reinvest the proceeds in our students. Don't wait until the properties are vandalized or become eyesores to list and sell them. Get rid of the DART freeloaders  "Reeling in customers -- DART must hatch ridership plan with fare boost," I ride the Red Line from Parker Road every morning at 5:30 a.m. I have never had my pass checked and have never seen a uniformed DART police or other security officer on that train. There are many riders who show up and get on the train fresh from a night on the town, smelling of stale beer and cigarette smoke. These free loaders are disruptive and many mooch or attempt to beg regular riders out of more drinking money. The one thing DART did wrong in the beginning was to allow anyone, ticketed or not, to walk right up to the platform and take the chance of getting caught without a ticket. There is little chance of that at 5:30 a.m. I now pay $40 per month to park at Parker Road because Allen was a small town when DART asked all surrounding cities to support its rail system. I pay and pay, but many never pay. What does DART intend to do about this disparity?We should use energy sources that don't blow  "Broaden view of energy sources" Polk proposes wind energy expansion to meet Texas' future electricity demand. Two major factors are often overlooked by wind energy proponents: power density and reliability. Power density is the space required to produce a given amount of electricity, and wind generation takes an enormous amount -- over 45 times as much as natural gas or nuclear. Reliability is essential. Power must be available to meet demand at all times. Wind in an acceptable speed range varies and is not reliable. Consequently, installed backup power (coal, nuclear or natural gas) is required, which leads to additional cost. Electricity cannot be stored; it must be used as it is generated. Utility operators must ramp power generation up and down (load balancing) to match demand. Reliable sources must be kept ready, consuming fuel in "hot spinning reserve" to meet demand when the wind dies. Because other, reliable sources must be kept as backup, wind energy is redundant. It costs more than it saves and requires an enormous amount of space for the power it generates -- when the wind is blowing.Why would you buy car online? "Complaints target luxury car dealer -- Buyers cite delivery, title problems; owner, arrested in forgery case, defends service,"  Buying a car sight-unseen, whether it's online or by phone, is a prescription for trouble. Sending $42,000 to anyone, unless it's a long-established dealer, is asking to be taken advantage of. I have bought many used cars. I have never bought one without having an expert looking at it. I have looked at many that my expert mechanic found serious problems with. One car looked perfect and drove well for me; however, when my mechanic put it on a lift, he found frame damage that showed it was in a major accident. One smelled good to me, but when he put it on a lift and pulled a plug, water came out. It had been underwater. One deal was fantastic, but I passed when he wouldn't let my mechanic look at it until I bought it. The lot was empty three weeks later. I have had good experiences dealing with reputable dealers. I would never send money -- well, maybe I'd send $100 -- to anyone I didn't know or who isn't an established business. I can't even get the right size pants online.Roller derby women sport heart and grit "Roller derby creating a community on the fly -- Many women find friendship, freedom on the rink in fast-growing sport, says Lindsey Townsend," Thank you so much to Townsend for writing a great article. I have many friends who play roller derby for the Assassination City Roller Derby league here in Dallas. They all practice and play hard. So many people associate roller derby of today with the '70s version and the movie Whip It. "No, the women don't fight, elbow and body-slam each other," is the response I always give to people who think that is what roller derby is about. My friends are true athletes who train every week to improve themselves. "Castro," for example, after undergoing numerous surgeries, still plays with an infectious spirit and loves the game she plays. "Smack the Ripper" plays with a Texas-sized amount of courage and energy. "Smash Wednesday" plays with so much heart, it makes NFL owners wish their players played her (that includes you, Mr. Jones). Finally, we have "Pyro Maim Ya," whose determination and dedication to the sport inspires so many to better themselves. These women and their teammates deserve the credit and appreciation they are due.There's more to low Latino-voter turnout than apathy  "Don't Let Apathy Win -- Mobilizing Hispanic voters should be a priority," Thanks to the editorial board for acknowledging the problem, but it didn't address the whys, except to say Latinos are apathetic. That's not helpful. Here are some whys. It's darned hard to find the polling place in some parts of town. They keep changing, they are different for different elections, and polling places are hard to get to for people without cars. Many Latinos (or their families) came from countries where people didn't vote because their votes didn't count, it was dangerous or government was completely corrupt. They are cynical about voting because their experience has been awful. No one talks to them about how sound our system is. Many lower-income Latinos lack computers, and there aren't Spanish language voter guides like the readily-available English language guides. Why vote if you don't know anything about the candidates? If we care about people participating in the system, we'll provide them with the tools to do so. Many of the barriers would be incredibly easy to overcome. Instead, we're putting up new barriers. Finally, it is inaccurate to say the problem is national. It's a Texas problem. Other states with significant Latino population -- California and Colorado, for example -- turned it around.Red-light cameras have done exactly what they are supposed to do "Accident totals renew debate over use of red-light cameras -- Crashes caused by drivers running lights are down, but rear-end collisions are up," Red-light cameras have done exactly what they are supposed to do -- significantly reduce accidents caused by red-light runners. Rear-end collisions are not an excuse to stop using them. My insurance man confirms that the rear car is virtually always held responsible for rear-end car accidents. The rear car should always keep a safe distance between it and the car in front. I don't hear any complaints from those opposed to red-light cameras concerning rear-end accidents when the front car is stopped at a stop sign. I think much of the problem is caused by too many people stepping on the accelerator when they see the amber traffic light when they should be stepping on the brake.Self-administered justice, even to someone you suspect is harming your child, is not OK  "Dad kills girl's alleged attacker -- Sheriff sees no reason to doubt his account of molestation attempt," No matter how heinous the crime, vigilante justice is not to be tolerated in America. The 23-year-old father of a 4-year-old daughter near Shiner, Texas, who he thought was being molested by a worker at his ranch, should have just gotten the worker away from his daughter, restrained him and called the authorities, not taken matters into his own hands and beaten him to death. Actions like this just create an atmosphere of chaos and lawlessness in our society. The father could be sent to prison. What good would he be to his daughter then?Try being a Texas teacher before being against unions  "Not every teacher wants to be forced to join a union -- Wisconsin results are the latest evidence, says Esther Cepeda," Monday Viewpoints. You should move to Texas, a right to work state, and teach, where you will receive some of the lowest pay and largest classes in the nation. As a teacher without collective bargaining, you will have zero leverage and representation. When state legislators decide to withhold billions of dollars in Rainy Day Funds, you will likely be fired as your student test scores are low. They're low because you just moved here, so you've been assigned to an overcrowded school with challenging students. In your right-to-work urban district, your high school dropout rate will be high and graduation rates will be low. And here your governor will opt out of federal funding because he doesn't wish to comply with pesky standards and requirements for grants. Your argument for dissolving unions is weak, heavy on statistics but blind to a practical comparison of union versus nonunion states. Please, Cepeda, come join Texas, Mississippi and Louisiana at the bottom of the educational heap, where teacher retirement funds may soon be subject to being raided by private interests and no longer a lifetime annuity. "Welcome to Wal-Mart" -- learn how to say that and smile.There's no reason to fear travel in Mexico "Portrayals of Mexico skew facts -- Though drug war can't be ignored, some areas remain safe, says Roberto Borge," In support of Borge's assertion that many parts of Mexico remain safe and beautiful travel destinations, my husband and I recently traveled to the Yucatan Peninsula and had a wonderful trip. Over the loud protestations of our friends who believed we were taking or lives in our hands, we rented a car and visited many of the famous Mayan archaeological sites, including Chichen Itza and Uxmal. We never for one second felt unsafe. The local people we encountered were friendly and helpful, despite our lack of Spanish. Our only regret was that the hotels were empty and that tourist trade is unduly suffering from an exaggeration of the real situation on the ground.Rear-end crashes from red light cameras beat being dead from getting T-boned "Accident totals renew debate over use of red-light cameras -- Crashes caused by drivers running lights are down, but rear-end collisions are up," The anti red-light camera National Motorists Association is identified as "a drivers rights group" in this article. Says who? I am a driver, and I would like to know my rights to proceed through an intersection with a green light will not end with a reckless driver running a red-light and t-boning my car, possibly ending my life or that of a loved one. A rear-end crash versus a t-bone crash? Give me a break. I hope one day there will be red-light cameras at every intersection.Readers weigh on on idea of mandatory national service for young adults  "Required national service might be a win-win -- U.S. can use the help, and youth need the experience, argues Eric Johnson," Not another federal mandate Just what we need, another federal mandate. And we need another federal agency managing the 10 million 18- to 21-year-olds that would be required at any one time to serve their mandated public service. How would it be regulated? How many exceptions for the wealthy would there be? How many young people would we incarcerate for failing to do their public service? Think about two Harvard dropouts, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg. Would they have founded their companies if they had to do public service before entering college? But the biggest problem would be the end of college football and basketball as we know it and therefore the Cowboys and Mavericks. How many college players excelled after not playing competitively for three years? Mr. Johnson: We want less government, not more.Mandate would give purpose I would like to lend my voice to what I hope becomes a serious conversation for required national service of two years, specifically military, for all young adults of this country once they reach adulthood. No exceptions for being privileged, well-connected or having mild disabilities. Such a program would give youth direction, life experience and a real stake in this wonderful country. In our last wars, our very few military members served over and over, enduring injury and bearing the burden alone, while the majority of us young adults went on blissfully and ignorantly about our relatively easy lives. If we each were more connected to this country's actions by serving in such a program, I think we'd be wiser, more careful and we would better understand what it means to be an American. Having grown up in a military family, I learned about this country and the world. I am richer for it.How factual will findings on leak investigation be? "Cornyn says AG should resign over program -- Holder counters that attack over Fast and Furious 'almost breathtaking' in inaccuracy," Wednesday news story, and "Obama denies White House is source of leaks -- Federal criminal probes set; released info is flattering to president," Let me get this straight. Attorney General Eric Holder, whose credibility is almost zero due to his lack of cooperation with the House committee investigating the Operation Fast and Furious fiasco, has appointed two assistant attorneys general to investigate allegations that his boss, President Obama, is ultimately responsible for leaks to the media affecting our national security and causing our allies to doubt the trustworthiness of the U.S. to keep secrets. Tell me again how independent and factual the findings of this investigation will be. Whatever the findings, they surely won't be released before election day, and if President Obama wins re-election, the findings will probably never be released. So much for an open and transparent administration.The battle over George W. Bush's legacy  "Other parts of Bush's legacy" Bush perspective is sour grapes My, my, Tom Ryden, I'll bet the taste of those sour grapes in your mouth is overwhelming. As you encourage Mr. Bush to spend more time in Africa and perhaps move there, I have a suggestion for you. Perhaps you might sail down I-35 to some more satisfying place that agrees with your long, drawn-out negative essay on former President Bush.Take these guys with you Ryden's letter is right on. They only thing missing is that Bush should take Cheney, Rumsfeld and Rove with him to Africa for good. Maybe they can start another unwanted war there.My husband died of prostate cancer after his doctor said to ignore follow-up exams. Please, get those routine tests. "Unhealthy physicals -- We're obsessed with unneeded annual exams, says Elisabeth Rosenthal," June 10 Points. My husband's death sentence occurred when his longtime doctor dismissed him from annual checkups, which he had faithfully undergone for years. The doctor, head of urology at a major Dallas hospital, told my husband that because he had such a low PSA (1.6), there was "nothing to be concerned about" and that follow-up exams were no longer needed. My husband died four months after prostate cancer (PSA 1765) was discovered in every bone in his body. He was beyond treatment. Undoubtedly, with his routine checkups, there would have been a chance for early detection and treatment. So, my family and I most adamantly disagree with Dr. Rosenthal and any other so-called expert who discourage continuing physical exams. Had Rosenthal and others witnessed the miserable death my husband suffered, their proclamations might have been more tempered from their absolute and all-knowing position. I am urging every man to continue prostate checkups and to very carefully weigh the recent onslaught of overzealous advice against follow-up tests and exams.GOP is ignoring rule of law by loosening stance on immigration "Moderation at Last? -- Texas GOP strikes a new chord on immigration," The new immigration platform, while it mentions a number of acceptable ideas, totally ignores the rule of law. Granting illegal immigrants work permits is a form of amnesty regardless of denials of that fact. We must renew our fight against the DREAM Act, in addition to similar legislation at both the state and federal level, which serves as a magnet for more illegal immigrants wanting to enter our country and rewards those who have already entered illegally. Businesses that want cheap labor should be ashamed of themselves for furthering the tremendous cost to taxpayers of illegal immigration and trampling underfoot the rule of law.Is the health care mandate on birth control coverage tyranny, or are Catholics trying to trump civil law? HHS mandate is tyranny  "Bishops step up birth control fight -- They insist issue isn't partisan but focused on religious freedom," According to the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, "Congress shall make no law ... prohibiting the free exercise [of religion]." The Health and Human Services mandate for insurance coverage for contraception, sterilization and abortifacient drugs violates religious liberty. It is unconstitutional and should be rescinded. This mandate goes against many people's consciences, including many Catholic people. It forces charities, schools, universities, hospitals and businesses to pay for things that they consider immoral. The right of conscience has always been important in American tradition. In 1809, one of our country's founding fathers, Thomas Jefferson, wrote to New London Methodist Church: "No provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of the civil authority." When the individual's religious liberty and right of conscience are not protected by the state, the result is tyranny. This mandate should not be allowed to remain a law in our country.Church can't trump civil law "Where to draw the line?" The controversy about requiring Catholic institutions to pay for health coverage that includes contraception continues. The issues not pointed out by most commentators: Where does the rule of civil law end and ecclesiastical law begin? Does the writ of law cease to apply on church property or to church employees? If the courts find that civil law cannot compel church authorities to obey it, where does this lead? If groups like the FLDS church mistreat minor girls on their property, can civil law prevent them? Allowing ecclesiastical or church law to trump civil law leads down a very dangerous path.This tired script for moving center-right has bombed before "A creed for the center-right -- Here's where moderate voters should make their stand, says William McKenzie," McKenzie would like readers to see his "progressive-conservative" blueprint as the work of a pragmatist. Pragmatism is informed by history, however, and on the issue of taxation, McKenzie is in sore need of a history lesson. He argues for a "grand bargain" to reduce the national debt by offering tax increases to Democrats in return for spending cuts. Such proposals make for good postpartisan rhetoric but have been disastrous in the past. Famously, Ronald Reagan agreed to such a compromise in 1982 ($1 in tax hikes for every $3 in spending cuts -- a good deal!). On paper, taxes were to increase by $215 billion, and spending was to decrease by $645 billion. In reality, the tax cuts went through -- and so did a glut of spending, leading Reagan to grumble in 1989 that he was "still waiting for those $3 in spending cuts." This tired script played out again in 1990, and it cost center-right president George H.W. Bush his job. Given this history, conservatives should be wary of the rhetoric of compromise on taxes. It's the only pragmatic position.So, Rick Perry has a direct line to God?  "Catching up -- Perry takes stock of array of issues," Thursday news brief. governor Rick Perry says regarding his shifting views on gay marriage, "Just because you share a different view or are flexible on [an] issue does not mean that God has changed his mind." This comment smacks of Perry knowing (again) what is on God's mind. Does a good Christian have to believe exactly what the governor believes? In 1517, Martin Luther asserted that everyone has access to God through Christ, a democratic element that means all Christians are equal. If governor Perry has appointed himself Texas' Theologian-in-Chief, I can interpret scripture and apply Christian values without his dictate. Regarding those "shifting views" that Perry cites, more and more people do read the Bible in an inclusive light. They do understand that being gay, lesbian or transgender is not a choice but determined before birth, and they do see it as a civil right. Moreover, people of faith who wish to bless such marriages should be able to do so. Those who don't want to can keep the status quo. As the newspaper also quoted Perry, "The problem with government is that it doesn't know when to quit playing the role." Governor, here I agree.Our Sounding Off contributors offer both creative and fundamental ideas for increasing DART ridership We asked our Sounding Off contributors to tell us: What should DART fix to increase ridership, and what are some creative solutions? Here is a sample of their ideas. Employment, housing key As a regular rider on DART rail, I am convinced the rail system is an important and wise investment to help meet the transportation needs of North Texas. Because employment centers over the last 100 years have spread out to many areas, it is going to take some time to reverse this trend and grow the number of riders. The trend is starting to change, with employers seriously considering locations with access to DART. In addition, new housing opportunities are being built to take advantage of DART. The bottom line is that the true value of DART will be realized in the future, when employment and housing take full advantage of DART.Require supervision Let's face up to it. The problem with DART is the crime problem. Most people just want to get to work and back home without having to worry about getting shot or mugged. DART needs a strong curfew that would require parents to accompany their kids after 7 p.m. up to age 18. Require parents to do what they should be doing -- supervising their underage kids -- and the crime will drop. I realize this isn't a perfect solution, but DART is in trouble and a mandatory curfew will help with the issues of innocent people getting hurt. Today, my family avoids DART at all costs.Add touch of fun The challenge for DART is to become a part of the Dallas Metroplex culture, and that will take time. We might remember the hand-wringing that went on about having folks live downtown. Now look at it -- it's growing every day. Part of the problem is that our system is not warm to the touch. We need to warm it up a bit. Every Christmas, Chicago has special trains that are completely decorated and even have a Santa Claus on the train. They are part of the Chicago culture, and we need that too.Lose the unruly riders I love the DART rail system, but I am reluctant to use DART rail because I have experienced problems with riders who were unruly. We considered going from Garland to the car show at the convention center by DART rail because it would be much less expensive and more convenient, but we decided to drive because we didn't want to use DART after dark because of security concerns. I believe that if DART made a more concerted effort to collect fares on the trains rather than raise fares for those who do pay, many of the losses would be mitigated.Include wi-fi on rail DART provides the bare minimum -- a way to transition from point to point. Options that could make it more desirable include commuter-oriented services and shops at rail lines, late-night and last-call trains for weekenders and internet access along all the rail lines (tunnels included). Even easier-to-use tutorials and demonstrations that explain how to use the bus services are welcome, as is the option to adopt DART stops the way one can adopt a highway. DART made strides in security in the past months, but its leadership needs to make the organization known and available to the public to a far greater degree than it is now.Cameras and Starbucks DART has several issues that I believe could be addressed to increase ridership. For crime, DART should install cameras monitored by a central command center at all stations. Contract rapid response with local police departments to address issues found via real-time video. It should also tighten controls for paying customers with turnstiles and conduct random ticket checks as riders exit the train. It should eliminate parking fees for nonmember-city residents to encourage a larger customer base, and it should make it easier for nonmember-cities to join. DART could also add amenities to busy stations at peak times: Starbucks kiosks, newsstands, food vendors. If DART approached this from an exclusivity perspective and were selective with vendors, it could custom-tailor the atmosphere and culture of each station. Make the stations a destination as well as a hub.Volunteer patrol program One aspect to consider is more community involvement. It might be helpful for each community that DART traverses to have a VIP group adopt the station from that community. I think that if DART starts a Volunteer in Patrol program that allows qualified volunteers -- much like neighborhood watch groups that go through training -- to patrol the stations and even ride from one stop to another (no guns, simply t-shirts and VIP IDs), this will provide a sense of safety on the trains and encourage ridership. The VIP member may receive benefits like a month's free ridership.Stop the freebie lifts Most of the filth and safety issues could be resolved by limiting access only to paying customers. The Los Angeles light rail system recently came to grips with its honor system fares and is taking measures -- too many deadbeats. I have used BART in San Francisco, the Metro in Washington, D.C., the L in Chicago and the subways in New York and Boston. DART should implement the same kind of restrictions for its riders, as well as more DART police presence on board.Reward system for schools DART must start ridership early. People do what they know. As a teenager, using the bus to go to the State Fair was a big deal. Then I traveled by train in Europe using Eurail passes. What fun! DART and the Perot Museum of Nature & Science could create a special pass. Distribute these only as a reward through Dallas ISD science teachers. Likewise, a reward system could be used to encourage art students to visit the Dallas Museum of Art. Make it seem elitist, extra special. Don't distribute to everyone. The Winspear could use the same plan with opera. Theater groups could do the same. The possibilities are endless.Train-to-train a must Having used multiple mass transit systems in the U.S. and abroad, it is easy for me to see why DART has not been able to retain and grow its ridership. DART continues to expand its services in disparate efforts that don't necessarily mean convenience and efficiency for anyone. Train-to-train to desired places is DART's only answer. Then perhaps we can compete with the likes of Chicago, New York and large European cities that make living and traveling without a car possible.Readers share dueling opinions on the Boy Scouts' anti-gay policy "Scouts lose files battle -- Court OKs release of records compiled on suspected molesters," Friday news story, and "Execs show interest in revisiting Scout gay ban -- Stance by 2 board members continues debate on policies," Execs should have resigned instead I was appalled to read that two members of the Boy Scouts of America board of directors, stocked with others of lifelong commitments to Scouting, have signaled they are reconsidering the controversial policy that bans openly gay and lesbian adults from being troop leaders, den mothers or youth members. What makes it even more gut-wrenching is that juxtaposed in the SportsDay section of The News is the Jerry Sandusky trial report, the former Penn State coach charged with sexually abusing 10 boys over a 15-year period. To betray the trust of the BSA, while the board was spending large amounts of money in legal fees defending the Boy Scout stand and Scout Oath, they are now collectively pursuing an insidious act against the organization. Ethical men would have resigned when they knew their leanings were contrariwise. Now the BSA board should demand their immediate resignation.Scouts can't tell difference between homosexuals, pedophiles I laughed out loud that the Scout's requirement for members to be "morally straight" is taken so literally that it demands gays be banned from Scouting. Apparently, the Scouts cannot discern between morality and sexual orientation, but we can. It is truly ironic that an organization with the mission to teach our youth citizenship teaches instead discrimination.Don't be pushed around by corporate American values Boy Scouts of America, don't let corporate America push its ideals on you as they have mandated at their own companies. If these two board members understood what moral values mean to Scouts, they would not even hesitate to stand by your side. I'm sure they provide some monetary support for your group, but don't let that cloud your vision. They are trying to please everyone, just as top corporate management believes is right. As a previous Scout, I still hold the same moral values dear to me and my family. I have made decisions in my own career to leave companies that sacrifice morals and ethics for money and appeasement. It is not possible to stand firm on our Christian beliefs and please everyone in the world today. Stand your ground -- we support you and the values you teach young men.Jerry Sandusky is straight, so ... The BSA suffers from the same homophobic hypocrisy of the Catholic church. The Scouts' attempts to cover up evidence of chronic and long-term child sexual abuse of Scouts by pedophiles in their ranks demonstrates that the real debate ought to be about excluding pedophiles, not normal, openly gay men and women. There is no significant evidence in sociology or psychology that normal, gay adults are erotically attracted to children. Indeed, the evidence is to the contrary -- as shown by the Penn State scandal and current trial of Jerry Sandusky. In fact, most adults who sexually abuse children are heterosexuals, are often married and are usually the father of the victim. Sandusky would have been welcomed into Scouts' ranks, but he clearly would be more dangerous to children than an openly gay man or woman. The corporate board members who recommended re-examining this bigoted and homophobic policy should be lauded.It's clear that, 40 years later, Watergate has changed us Watergate changed us It is astonishing to think it will be 40 years ago tomorrow that the Watergate break-in occurred. It changed so much, profoundly and forever. The news media went overnight from deferent to antagonistic. Our trust in politicians was decimated, and it became OK to demonstrate clear disrespect of the presidency. Journalism soared as a degree major and to this day, any public scandal is called [fill in the blank]-gate. All this from a "simple" campaign office burglary. And after decades of suspense and guessing, we finally found out who Deep Throat was. What a remarkable part of our collective history.Has Dallas Animal Services find a sneaky way to make a little extra money? Seems like Dallas Animal Services is trying to raise some extra cash in a not-so-friendly way. On Tuesday, I received a notice to renew my pet's registration, proving that she is up-to-date with her rabies vaccination. I support this and believe all pet owners should register their pets. Here's the rub: The letter stated that the fee is $7, but if I didn't pay by Friday, the fee will be $17, a penalty of $10. That seems a bit excessive, given the time frame. My guess is that this catches otherwise well-meaning pet owners off guard. Pretty clever way to collect more money, huh? Lucky for me, I saw the notice and was able to jump online to submit my payment along with proof of my pet's new vaccination. I want to support DAS and register my pet. I just think three days is unreasonable.Sagging pants? Don't forget low-slung tops  "Catching Up -- Caraway returning to cause of sagging pants,"  I totally agree with Dwaine Caraway's comments on "sagging pants" and that something needs to be done. But at the same time there is another situation which needs to be addressed: females wearing low-cut dresses. At least all you see from sagging pants is underwear, but with low-cut tops you see more flesh than is publically acceptable.Too bad I can't watch 'Dallas' for free "'Dallas' is at its best when J.R.'s at his worst," Wednesday news story. I grew up watching Dallas on TV, but now that its back, it's on TNT. I can't afford cable. Shouldn't the heads at least think about those of us who are Dallas? They won't last six years if they make us pay. Put it on a "free" network with good advertising and take a real shot.Perspective of George W. Bush's legacy is absurd "Other parts of Bush's legacy" I'm sorry that the article on George W. Bush's legacy prompts the absurd and inaccurate response from Ryden, who tries to bury the story with unrelated charges. Around 30 million Iraqis are now free to try to build a democracy after overthrowing a dictator who gassed his own citizens and whose removal was championed by President Clinton. Our "brink of collapse" was more because of representative Barney Frank and others blocking reining in Fannie and Freddie's push to expand subprime mortgages. And Ryden's charges of authorizing torture are totally wrong: Enhanced interrogation was not torture by any definition, unless you want to eliminate any discomfort to terrorists, which was Obama's objective.We should adopt pets for the right reasons -- which doesn't include being cute in an online photo "Picture this pup in your home -- Photographer helps bring out shelter dogs' best side," This was a sad but true example of society's values. Be it with people or helpless animals, we only see value in pretty faces, good clothes, happy dispositions and affluent-seeming surroundings. What happens to these helpless, totally dependent animals when the "cute" clothes are gone? People need to adopt for the right reasons.Worry about teens on the roads, not crashes from red light cameras "Hit the brakes, not the gas" I blame the rear-end crashes in many instances on young, inexperienced drivers who have not had the proper training in drivers ed. When I got my license, I had to have many hours of driving experience with a teacher and pass a driving test with an officer. That is no longer required and teens do not have the experience needed to handle a car.I'm glad the father beat his daughter's molester to death  "Self-administered justice not OK" Mr. Zimmerman, thank God you're not my father. This father did exactly what he was supposed to do: protect his daughter by removing the immediate threat to her safety, permanently. Who's to say that after only getting the rapist away from his daughter, the rapist would not have shown up in your barn one day?It's always women's health that gets dismissed  "Bishops step up birth control fight -- They insist issue isn't partisan but focused on religious freedom," Thursday news story, and "Rights aren't paid by others" by Rage doesn't begin to describe what I feel about a bunch of old bachelors sitting on their lofty perches denouncing insurance coverage for birth control as offensive to their religious sensibilities. It enrages me almost as much that regular folks like Marks jump on their bandwagon and opine piously that women have the right to contraception but "do not have the right to have others pay for it or provide it for them." I don't hear anyone saying that someone has a right to blood pressure medication, but shouldn't expect others to pay for it. It's only women's health that is ever dismissed so handily. Hey, fellas, remember what life was like before the pill? In case you don't, I'll remind you that it involved a lot of marital abstinence. Do you really want to go back to that?I have empathy for McCay brothers in the 4949 Swiss Avenue case "Investigator troubled by socialite's treatment -- He testifies defendant in attempted theft trial had 'outcome in mind'," I regret that I understand the McCay brothers' situation. I have been the unwilling power of attorney and executor for my father's estate. He "borrowed" money he had no intention of repaying, he purchased property that he refused to maintain or pay taxes on and he refused to pay income taxes, all in the belief "someone else would take care of it." He acted like a congressman or senator. He lied to and cheated his wives, family and friends, then would wail to all who would listen "that nobody loves me." He has been dead a year and a half, and we are still cleaning up his mess.senator John Cornyn is playing a partisan game, and he's not even good at it "Cornyn asks Holder to resign during exchange," Wednesday news story. Texas is said to be first in many things, and some we are not proud of. The leadership by senator John Cornyn is one of those. His recent call for Gen. Eric Holder to resign is just so blatantly partisan that all Texans should be asking for senator Cornyn to resign. senator Cornyn is even a very poor stalking horse for the eventual Republican presidential candidate. He wanted us to know what a privilege it was to serve the citizens of Texas before he was elected, then he decided that after the election, Texans now work for him. He has not supported one single bill that would benefit ethnic minorities nor has he supported one single ethnic presidential appointee, disrespecting half of the citizens in Texas. We the citizens of Texas have gotten very poor leadership from the Senate positions. Until we stand up and demand respectful, responsive leadership, we are deserving of everything we get.Low STAAR results only prove how terrible the test is  "Is 37 Percent Really Passing? -- STAAR results should create urgency for school reforms,"  The test is the problem One more time, passing standards and student scores on the "new and improved" versions of standardized tests are deemed inferior and soon attended by cries of "more rigor!" and "urgency!" for students, teachers, parents and administrators. And one more time, the matter of test validity is ignored. The assumption is that professional test writers know what they are doing and will create perfectly legitimate instruments for assessing the educational competence of our children, but the fact is that this has not always been true, and at present the public has no way to assess the assessments, as they continue to be withheld. The possibility looms large that this new round of testing, so congenially named STAAR, is simply a further tricked-up version of the TAKS or TAAS tests, and students and teachers require time to adapt to its ways. The editorial staff's knee-jerk assumption that rigor and urgency are sorely lacking in educators does not test well.Multiple 'guess' weakens tests How close to a guessing statistic is a 37 percent passing rate on a test taken through logical, multiple-guess approaches? I don't know that answer, but when I tell students that I never experienced a multiple-choice math question until I took the ACT, they are amazed. I'm a substitute math teacher in middle schools. My students don't understand the concept that when I was in elementary school, I had to check my work on my papers by doing the opposite function. If you divided you multiplied; if you subtracted you added. You couldn't get away with guessing or not checking your work. The speed at which our children can go through a multiple-choice math test is amazing. Their unwillingness to question their calculator results, such as incorrect data input, makes me frustrated.With unions, nothing is free  "Try being a Texas teacher first" I've only ever known unions to shut off work at the very worst times and cost folks their jobs. They also raise prices in the rest of the market. I do not know of a union that is not corrupt. I think unions might be fine if every meeting was attended by every member every time. But when only a handful of members have control of everyone else, the few will take full advantage of that power. Sure, bring on the unions, with higher taxes, shorter working hours, lower requirements and loss of control by the public on education. What raises the teachers will get will be eaten up by union dues. Nothing in this life is free.Three cheers to Rev. Ike Johnson's legacy, to research in Mexico on PTSD and to Ann Murphy of Far North Dallas To the late Rev. Isaac "Ike" Cottrell Johnson-- Rev. Johnson died May 22, and I believe it is important that one aspect of his legacy should not be overlooked. When he founded the Coalition of Churches in Prison Ministry in 1995, he wanted to incorporate it as Coalition of African/American Churches in Prison Ministry instead. As he would testify later, God would not allow that. Over the next several years, several white churches -- including Prestonwood Baptist, Cornerstone Christian, First Baptist of the Colony, ParkwayHills Baptist, Irving Bible, Brookhaven Church and the Heights Baptist -- joined their brother churches, such as Friendship-West, St. John's Missionary Baptist, New Mt. Gilead, Mount Olive, and Bethany Baptist. Every December, 150 to 200 coalition church volunteers came together to assemble and stuff little "Gifts of Light" Christmas bags to be distributed one-on-one to more than 10,000 prisoners across Texas. When one looked down the assembly lines, the collection of black hands, brown hands and white hands spoke volumes to Ike's commitment to Christ-centered diversity. We pray that the coalition's leadership will continue to honor this legacy.To doctors and psychologists at National Autonomous University of Mexico -- The help many PTSD victims in Mexico are getting from virtual goggles is exciting. The reported results made me hopeful this virtual immersion therapy could possibly become another tool that could help so many of our soldiers who have returned to us and are now suffering from PTSD. If this research continues to hold up, the list of people who could benefit is endless.To Ann Murphy of Estates West Neighborhood Association -- For all of you who travel on Meandering Way in Far North Dallas I hope that you are enjoying the wonderful vista that you encounter daily when you travel North of Arapaho Road. This outstanding visual eye candy has been awarded to you by the cooperation of the city of Dallas, ONCOR , Friends of the Preston Ridge Trail and the neighborhood associations that kept these planting watered to maturity. Remember just a few years ago that this view was just a dreary utility right-of-way. A special thank you goes to Ann Murphy, who had the foresight last summer when the continuing drought threatened the plantings. Not wanting the trail to suffer the fate of other landscaping efforts in Dallas, she once again rallied the support of her volunteers to water the trees long past our original obligation.Series about century-old exoneration of black man accused of rape was too heavy for Father's Day Re: "Hang him, mob cries -- Sheriff stands between angry crowd and innocent man," first story in our "Unknown Exoneree" series, Sunday. I got up on Sunday thinking that because it was Father's Day, there might be a cute story about fathers in the paper. I opened the front section and saw this picture of a group of white fathers about to hang a black father. There was a story in words but the real story was this picture. In an era when we are supposed to be trying to work with each other, this picture showed one of the worst examples of what fathers can do. I am appalled that this "story" had to have such a picture. It would be far more appropriate to show a picture of civility in today's situation rather than dredging up pain and hatred from the past. I can't fathom the shortsightedness of those who chose to run this picture -- particularly on Father's Day.Federally mandated service would slow down college and pro sports too much? Ridiculous Re: "Not another federal mandate" by Marvin Chosky, Friday Letters. I find absolutely astonishing that Chosky writes, "the biggest problem" with required national service "would be the end of college football and basketball as we know it." The biggest problem? The biggest problem is that anybody could think something so inconsequential could be that important. Anybody who can think along these lines must have perverse priorities for the U.S. and the world. When I served in 1962-1964, I had to go, because that was rule. The same rule applied to every man in with me, and as far as I can remember, college sports and professional sports also survived those years. Chosky needs to realize that there are millions of people who don't give a tinker's damn about professional or college sports, and in particular the Cowboys or the Mavericks.It's clear that the Museum Tower is at fault for damage to the Nasher; also, an idea for sweet, shiny revenge Re: "Nasher architect presses for faster fix -- Sculpture garden can't endure rays from tower for months, Piano says," Friday news story. It's clear this is the Tower's problem I am very distressed to see what is happening to the Nasher Sculpture Center. As I remember, there were cities all over the world that wanted the Nasher sculpture collection. Dallas was fortunate that the Nashers decided to put the center in Dallas, their home for many years and the city to which they had already given so much. Why are there "negotiations" going on to determine how to solve the problem? It is clear that the problem at the Nasher is caused by the Museum Tower, so the Tower should have sole responsibility for correcting the problem by fixing the reflectivity of its building, not by expecting the Nasher to do anything. Then the Museum Tower should pay for all damages the center has incurred. For any architect to design a building with that much reflectivity for a city that has as much sunshine as Dallas is unconscionable.Try sweet, shiny revenge If the Museum Tower won't take responsibility for correcting the serious sun damage they are doing to the Nasher Sculpture Center, I think the Nasher should fight back with art -- a new sculpture named Avenge, made with thousands of tiny mirrors sending the sunlight back into the Museum Tower's pricey condos. That should do the trick.Unfortunately, the 2010 census will reveal little about us to our ancestors Re: "Census a glimpse of parents as kids -- The simple lines of data have such a visceral impact 72 years later," Sunday news story. Like reporter Michael Young, I have enjoyed looking at census records over several generations. What a treasure trove of information, not only as it relates to individual families, but in revealing life in the past. But the paucity of data in the 2010 census will not provide much to teach future generations about their forebears. I suspect that the brevity of the questionnaire stems from a belief held by many that the collection of personal information is a part of some nefarious scheme on the part of the government to do harm. There is real irony in this, considering the huge amount of data about each of us stored by private-sector entities beyond government oversight. Based on personal observations, most federal employees live the principles laid out in the preamble to the Constitution -- establishing justice and promoting the general welfare -- which should engender confidence in our national government.SMU leaders are on the right track for turning its campus into a 'student city' Re: "Turning a campus into a student city -- $375M transformation includes more dorms, numerous amenities," Sunday news story. Kudos to SMU leaders for their vision to create a more vital community on campus. As a former faculty member at the University of Notre Dame, I am interested that Notre Dame provided the inspiration. It is not buildings that make the Notre Dame campus vital but how these buildings are used. Notre Dame takes seriously its religious heritage and assigns either a priest (men's residences) or chaplain (women's) to live in each hall, who presides with student leadership over a program of religious activities for the chapel of each residence. More than 400 masses are offered on the campus each week, many in these chapels. I realize that SMU is not as religiously homogenous as Notre Dame. But I suspect SMU's Methodist heritage could serve many Protestant students, as well as providing a reference point for other religious expressions on campus. At a time when young adults are seeking meaning in making some of the most important decisions of their lives, I encourage SMU leadership to include a strong religious component in planning for community.Readers give high pay of D-FW CEOs another whipping Re: "Big bump for the big dogs -- Average CEO in Dallas-Fort Worth raked in 19.5 percent more in 2011," Sunday Business story. No more Penney's pity-shopping While it's not one of my favorite stores, I generally try to do some shopping at JC Penney's because it is locally owned and always seems to be struggling for survival. Imagine my shock and disgust when I read in Sunday's paper that the CEO of Penney's is paid over $53 million a year. In fact, he earns almost $20 million per year more than the CEO of Exxon Mobil. With decisions like that, no wonder the company is struggling. My Penney's pity-shopping party is officially over.Blame sky-high CEO pay It's puzzling how so many people can blame unions for the high costs of products and services and teachers for our high cost of running schools when all we have to do is read the paper to see how high-ranking corporate executives and school district administrators keep giving themselves more and more money while people who actually do the work keep struggling. People should take the initiative to vote out trustees who support such administrators, and we should keep away from products and services of companies that give their executives ridiculous salaries. Brian Maxted of Kosmos Energy's compensation amounts to $6,570 per hour. Can anyone actually be worth that? Maybe that's a good part of the reason why costs keep going up.Expect an unfair, unthorough investigation from Eric Holder Re: "Cornyn playing partisan game" by Billy Allen, Monday Letters. We are more likely to get meaningful results from O.J. Simpson's search for the "real killer" of his wife than we are to get anything from an Eric Holder-conducted investigation into Democratic misdeeds. Holder got a pardon for Democratic contributor Marc Rich, the biggest tax cheat in history, and he thinks voter intimidation is OK, as long as it's done by the New Black Panthers. He has proved totally incapable of finding out what happened in the Fast and Furious gun-running scheme. The Democrats and the media demanded and got a special prosecutor in the Valerie Plame affair, which was trivial compared with the massive top secret leaks occurring. Dianne Feinstein is clearly appalled. One of the Holder appointees, Ronald Machen, is a long-time contributor to Obama's campaigns. Cornyn is correct -- Holder lacks the integrity to be attorney general.Floyd's snarky pro-abortion diatribe not funny; who says Planned Parenthood has saved 'millions' of women's lives? Abortion snark not funny Re: "An abortion? The state has a few questions first" by Jacquielynn Floyd, Tuesday Metro column. We North Texas readers are treated to another snarky pro-abortion column from Jacquie Floyd, railing against the injustice of it all and lamenting the trials of the hapless young pregnant woman. Well, cry me a river! Once again, no mention of the life within, the beating heart. Hope I'm not behind Floyd in line at the Pearly Gates. I want St. Peter to be in a good mood when I get there.Planned Parenthood not a savior Re: "Texas Dems chief serves notice to GOP -- This is the best you're gonna get, Gilberto Hinojosa says," Sunday Points. According to Hinojosa, Planned Parenthood has saved the lives of millions of women. I offer a challenge to him to back up that assertion. I doubt that millions of women would have died if Planned Parenthood did not exist. I would also point out that millions of lives have been snuffed out by Planned Parenthood's abortion business. The inconsistency of his argument is striking.